Installed Packages
abi-dumper.noarch                                        1.2-4.an23                          @os     
alternatives.x86_64                                      1.21-2.an23                         @System 
annobin-docs.noarch                                      12.03-1.an23                        @os     
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                                12.03-1.an23                        @os     
anolis-gpg-keys.noarch                                   23-6.an23                           @System 
anolis-release.x86_64                                    23-6.an23                           @System 
anolis-repos.x86_64                                      23-6.an23                           @System 
audit-libs.x86_64                                        3.1.1-2.an23                        @System 
authselect.x86_64                                        1.4.2-2.an23                        @os     
authselect-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.2-2.an23                        @os     
basesystem.noarch                                        23-1.an23                           @System 
bash.x86_64                                              5.2.15-1.an23                       @System 
binutils.x86_64                                          2.40-3.an23                         @updates
binutils-gold.x86_64                                     2.40-3.an23                         @updates
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                        1.0.8-1.an23                        @System 
ca-certificates.noarch                                   2023.2.60-3.an23                    @System 
coreutils-single.x86_64                                  9.4-2.an23                          @updates
cpp.x86_64                                               12.2.1-7.an23                       @updates
cracklib.x86_64                                          2.9.8-1.an23                        @os     
crypto-policies.noarch                                   20221215-4.an23                     @System 
curl.x86_64                                              8.5.0-1.an23                        @updates
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                    2.1.28-6.an23                       @System 
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                                0.26-2.an23                         @os     
dnf.noarch                                               4.16.2-1.an23                       @updates
dnf-data.noarch                                          4.16.2-1.an23                       @updates
dosfstools.x86_64                                        4.2-3.an23                          @os     
dwz.x86_64                                               0.15-1.an23                         @os     
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                                   5-4.an23                            @os     
elfutils.x86_64                                          0.190-1.an23                        @updates
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                        0.190-1.an23                        @updates
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                       0.190-1.an23                        @updates
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                                   0.190-1.an23                        @updates
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                     0.190-1.an23                        @updates
emacs-filesystem.noarch                                  1:29.1-1.an23                       @updates
expat.x86_64                                             2.5.0-1.an23                        @System 
expect.x86_64                                            5.45.4-2.an23                       @os     
file.x86_64                                              5.44-2.an23                         @os     
file-libs.x86_64                                         5.44-2.an23                         @System 
filesystem.x86_64                                        3.16-1.an23                         @System 
findutils.x86_64                                         1:4.9.0-2.an23                      @System 
fonts-filesystem.noarch                                  1:4.0.2-4.an23                      @System 
fuse-libs.x86_64                                         3.14.1-1.an23                       @os     
gawk.x86_64                                              5.2.2-1.an23                        @System 
gcc.x86_64                                               12.2.1-7.an23                       @updates
gcc-c++.x86_64                                           12.2.1-7.an23                       @updates
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                         1:1.23-3.an23                       @System 
git.x86_64                                               2.41.0-1.an23                       @updates
git-core.x86_64                                          2.41.0-1.an23                       @updates
git-core-doc.noarch                                      2.41.0-1.an23                       @updates
glib2.x86_64                                             2.76.4-1.an23                       @updates
glibc.x86_64                                             2.36-10.an23                        @updates
glibc-common.x86_64                                      2.36-10.an23                        @updates
glibc-devel.x86_64                                       2.36-10.an23                        @updates
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                                 2.36-10.an23                        @updates
glibc-minimal-langpack.x86_64                            2.36-10.an23                        @updates
gmp.x86_64                                               1:6.3.0-1.an23                      @updates
gnupg2.x86_64                                            2.4.3-1.an23                        @updates
gnutls.x86_64                                            3.8.0-1.an23                        @System 
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                    3.0.15-2.an23                       @os     
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                          20201206-3.an23                     @System 
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                         20201206-3.an23                     @System 
gpgme.x86_64                                             1.21.0-1.an23                       @updates
gpm-libs.x86_64                                          1.20.7-4.an23                       @os     
grep.x86_64                                              3.11-1.an23                         @System 
groff-base.x86_64                                        1.23.0-2.an23                       @updates
gzip.x86_64                                              1.12-2.an23                         @os     
hostname.x86_64                                          3.23-1.an23                         @System 
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                     1.4-3.an23                          @System 
iputils.x86_64                                           20221126-1.an23                     @System 
jansson.x86_64                                           2.14-3.an23                         @System 
json-c.x86_64                                            0.16-3.an23                         @System 
kernel-headers.x86_64                                    5.10.134-16.1.an23                  @updates
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                     1.6.1-4.an23                        @System 
krb5-libs.x86_64                                         1.20.2-1.an23                       @updates
langpacks-core-en.noarch                                 3.0-2.an23                          @System 
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                            3.0-2.an23                          @System 
langpacks-en.noarch                                      3.0-2.an23                          @System 
less.x86_64                                              633-3.an23                          @System 
libacl.x86_64                                            2.3.1-3.an23                        @System 
libaio.x86_64                                            0.3.113-1.an23                      @os     
libarchive.x86_64                                        3.7.1-1.an23                        @updates
libasan.x86_64                                           12.2.1-7.an23                       @updates
libassuan.x86_64                                         2.5.6-1.an23                        @updates
libatomic.x86_64                                         12.2.1-7.an23                       @updates
libattr.x86_64                                           2.5.1-5.an23                        @System 
libblkid.x86_64                                          2.38.1-1.an23                       @System 
libbrotli.x86_64                                         1.0.9-5.an23                        @System 
libbsd.x86_64                                            0.11.7-1.an23                       @System 
libcap.x86_64                                            2.69-1.an23                         @updates
libcap-ng.x86_64                                         0.8.3-3.an23                        @System 
libcbor.x86_64                                           0.10.2-3.an23                       @os     
libcom_err.x86_64                                        1.47.0-1.an23                       @updates
libcomps.x86_64                                          0.1.19-2.an23                       @System 
libcurl.x86_64                                           8.5.0-1.an23                        @updates
libdatrie.x86_64                                         0.2.13-6.an23                       @os     
libdnf.x86_64                                            0.70.2-1.an23                       @updates
libeconf.x86_64                                          0.5.2-1.an23                        @updates
libedit.x86_64                                           3.1-20221030cvs.1.an23              @os     
libevent.x86_64                                          2.1.12-3.an23                       @System 
libfdisk.x86_64                                          2.38.1-1.an23                       @os     
libffi.x86_64                                            3.4.4-1.an23                        @System 
libfido2.x86_64                                          1.13.0-2.an23                       @os     
libgcc.x86_64                                            12.2.1-7.an23                       @updates
libgcrypt.x86_64                                         1.10.2-1.an23                       @System 
libgomp.x86_64                                           12.2.1-7.an23                       @updates
libgpg-error.x86_64                                      1.47-1.an23                         @System 
libidn2.x86_64                                           2.3.4-3.an23                        @System 
libksba.x86_64                                           1.6.4-1.an23                        @updates
libmd.x86_64                                             1.0.4-2.an23                        @System 
libmodulemd.x86_64                                       2.14.0-2.an23                       @System 
libmount.x86_64                                          2.38.1-1.an23                       @System 
libmpc.x86_64                                            1.3.1-1.an23                        @os     
libnghttp2.x86_64                                        1.57.0-1.an23                       @updates
libnsl2.x86_64                                           2.0.0-5.an23                        @System 
libpkgconf.x86_64                                        1.8.1-4.an23                        @os     
libpsl.x86_64                                            0.21.1-5.an23                       @System 
libpwquality.x86_64                                      1.4.5-1.an23                        @updates
librepo.x86_64                                           1.15.1-1.an23                       @System 
libselinux.x86_64                                        3.5-2.an23                          @updates
libsemanage.x86_64                                       3.5-1.an23                          @System 
libsepol.x86_64                                          3.5-1.an23                          @System 
libsigsegv.x86_64                                        2.14-2.an23                         @System 
libsmartcols.x86_64                                      2.38.1-1.an23                       @System 
libsolv.x86_64                                           0.7.23-2.an23                       @System 
libssh.x86_64                                            0.10.5-1.an23                       @System 
libssh-config.noarch                                     0.10.5-1.an23                       @System 
libstdc++.x86_64                                         12.2.1-7.an23                       @updates
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                                   12.2.1-7.an23                       @updates
libtasn1.x86_64                                          4.19.0-2.an23                       @System 
libthai.x86_64                                           0.1.29-3.an23                       @os     
libtirpc.x86_64                                          1.3.3-3.an23                        @System 
libubsan.x86_64                                          12.2.1-7.an23                       @updates
libunistring.x86_64                                      1.1-4.an23                          @System 
liburing.x86_64                                          2.3-2.an23                          @os     
libutempter.x86_64                                       1.2.1-3.an23                        @os     
libuuid.x86_64                                           2.38.1-1.an23                       @System 
libverto.x86_64                                          0.3.2-5.an23                        @System 
libxcrypt.x86_64                                         4.4.33-1.an23                       @System 
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                                  4.4.33-1.an23                       @os     
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                                   4.4.33-1.an23                       @os     
libxml2.x86_64                                           2.11.5-1.an23                       @updates
libyaml.x86_64                                           0.2.5-3.an23                        @System 
libzstd.x86_64                                           1.5.5-1.an23                        @System 
lua.x86_64                                               5.4.6-1.an23                        @System 
lua-libs.x86_64                                          5.4.6-1.an23                        @System 
lz4-libs.x86_64                                          1.9.4-1.an23                        @System 
make.x86_64                                              1:4.4.1-1.an23                      @os     
mkpasswd.x86_64                                          5.5.15-3.an23                       @System 
mpdecimal.x86_64                                         2.5.1-3.an23                        @System 
mpfr.x86_64                                              4.2.1-1.an23                        @updates
ncurses.x86_64                                           6.4.20230520-1.an23                 @System 
ncurses-base.noarch                                      6.4.20230520-1.an23                 @System 
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                      6.4.20230520-1.an23                 @System 
nettle.x86_64                                            3.9.1-1.an23                        @System 
npth.x86_64                                              1.6-3.an23                          @System 
numactl-libs.x86_64                                      2.0.16-1.an23                       @os     
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                                 7-1.an23                            @os     
openldap.x86_64                                          2.6.5-1.an23                        @updates
openssh.x86_64                                           9.0p1-9.an23                        @updates
openssh-clients.x86_64                                   9.0p1-9.an23                        @updates
openssl-libs.x86_64                                      1:3.0.12-2.an23                     @updates
p11-kit.x86_64                                           0.24.1-4.an23                       @System 
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                     0.24.1-4.an23                       @System 
pam.x86_64                                               1.5.2-6.an23                        @os     
pam-libs.x86_64                                          1.5.2-6.an23                        @System 
pcre2.x86_64                                             10.42-1.an23                        @System 
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                      10.42-1.an23                        @System 
perl.x86_64                                              4:5.36.3-15.an23                    @updates
perl-Algorithm-Diff.noarch                               1:1.201-3.an23                      @os     
perl-Archive-Tar.noarch                                  2.40-4.an23                         @os     
perl-Archive-Zip.noarch                                  1:1.68-4.an23                       @os     
perl-Attribute-Handlers.noarch                           1.02-15.an23                        @updates
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                                   5.74-15.an23                        @updates
perl-AutoSplit.noarch                                    5.74-15.an23                        @updates
perl-B.x86_64                                            1.83-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Benchmark.noarch                                    1.23-15.an23                        @updates
perl-CPAN.noarch                                         2.36-1.an23                         @updates
perl-CPAN-DistnameInfo.noarch                            1:0.12-4.an23                       @os     
perl-CPAN-Meta.noarch                                    1:2.150010-3.an23                   @os     
perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements.noarch                       1:2.140-3.an23                      @os     
perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML.noarch                               1:0.018-3.an23                      @os     
perl-Carp.noarch                                         1.52-2.an23                         @System 
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                                 0.66-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Compress-Bzip2.x86_64                               1:2.28-4.an23                       @os     
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                           2.204-2.an23                        @os     
perl-Compress-Raw-Lzma.x86_64                            2.204-2.an23                        @updates
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                            2.202-4.an23                        @os     
perl-Config-Extensions.noarch                            0.03-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Config-Perl-V.noarch                                1:0.35-2.an23                       @os     
perl-DBM_Filter.noarch                                   0.06-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                                  2.184-2.an23                        @os     
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                                 0.113-2.an23                        @os     
perl-Data-Section.noarch                                 1:0.200008-1.an23                   @os     
perl-Devel-PPPort.x86_64                                 3.68-4.an23                         @os     
perl-Devel-Peek.x86_64                                   1.32-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Devel-SelfStubber.noarch                            1.06-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Devel-Size.x86_64                                   1:0.83-4.an23                       @os     
perl-Digest.noarch                                       1.20-4.an23                         @os     
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                                   2.58-3.an23                         @os     
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                                   2:6.03-2.an23                       @os     
perl-Digest-SHA1.x86_64                                  1:2.13-4.an23                       @os     
perl-DirHandle.noarch                                    1.05-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Dumpvalue.noarch                                    2.27-15.an23                        @updates
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                                   1.52-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Encode.x86_64                                       5:3.19-4.an23                       @System 
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                                1:1.05-4.an23                       @os     
perl-Encode-devel.x86_64                                 5:3.19-4.an23                       @os     
perl-English.noarch                                      1.11-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Env.noarch                                          1.05-2.an23                         @os     
perl-Errno.x86_64                                        1.36-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Error.noarch                                        1:0.17029-3.an23                    @os     
perl-Exporter.noarch                                     5.77-4.an23                         @System 
perl-ExtUtils-CBuilder.noarch                            1:0.280236-10.an23                  @os     
perl-ExtUtils-Command.noarch                             2:7.66-2.an23                       @os     
perl-ExtUtils-Constant.noarch                            0.25-15.an23                        @updates
perl-ExtUtils-Embed.noarch                               1.35-15.an23                        @updates
perl-ExtUtils-Install.noarch                             2.22-2.an23                         @os     
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                            2:7.66-2.an23                       @os     
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker.noarch                           2:7.66-2.an23                       @os     
perl-ExtUtils-Manifest.noarch                            1:1.73-4.an23                       @os     
perl-ExtUtils-Miniperl.noarch                            1.11-15.an23                        @updates
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS.noarch                             1:3.45-1.an23                       @os     
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                        1.15-15.an23                        @updates
perl-File-Basename.noarch                                2.85-15.an23                        @updates
perl-File-Compare.noarch                                 1.100.700-15.an23                   @updates
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                    2.39-15.an23                        @updates
perl-File-DosGlob.x86_64                                 1.12-15.an23                        @updates
perl-File-Fetch.noarch                                   1.04-4.an23                         @os     
perl-File-Find.noarch                                    1.40-15.an23                        @updates
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                                 1.006-4.an23                        @os     
perl-File-Path.noarch                                    2.18-4.an23                         @System 
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                    1:0.2311-3.an23                     @System 
perl-File-Which.noarch                                   1.27-3.an23                         @os     
perl-File-stat.noarch                                    1.12-15.an23                        @updates
perl-FileCache.noarch                                    1.10-15.an23                        @updates
perl-FileHandle.noarch                                   2.03-15.an23                        @updates
perl-GDBM_File.x86_64                                    1:1.23-15.an23                      @updates
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                                  1:2.54-3.an23                       @System 
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                                   1.13-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Git.noarch                                          2.41.0-1.an23                       @updates
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                    0.088-1.an23                        @updates
perl-Hash-Util.x86_64                                    0.28-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64                          1.26-15.an23                        @updates
perl-I18N-Collate.noarch                                 1.02-15.an23                        @updates
perl-I18N-LangTags.noarch                                0.45-15.an23                        @updates
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                                0.21-15.an23                        @updates
perl-IO.x86_64                                           1.50-15.an23                        @updates
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                                  2.201-3.an23                        @os     
perl-IO-Compress-Lzma.noarch                             2.201-1.an23                        @os     
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                                 0.41-3.an23                         @os     
perl-IO-Zlib.noarch                                      2:1.14-2.an23                       @os     
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                      2:1.04-4.an23                       @os     
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                    1.22-15.an23                        @updates
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                                     2.09-5.an23                         @os     
perl-Importer.noarch                                     0.026-4.an23                        @os     
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                                      1:4.16-1.an23                       @os     
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                              1.32-2.an23                         @os     
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                       1:0.21-15.an23                      @updates
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                                  3.16-5.an23                         @System 
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                                 1.013.1-2.an23                      @os     
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                                   0.15-3.an23                         @os     
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                                  1:1.9998.37-3.an23                  @os     
perl-Math-BigInt-FastCalc.x86_64                         0.501.300-3.an23                    @os     
perl-Math-BigRat.noarch                                  0.2624-2.an23                       @os     
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                                 1.59-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Memoize.noarch                                      1.03-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Module-Build.noarch                                 2:0.42.32-4.an23                    @os     
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                              1:5.20230120-2.an23                 @os     
perl-Module-CoreList-tools.noarch                        1:5.20230120-2.an23                 @os     
perl-Module-Load.noarch                                  1:0.36-4.an23                       @os     
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                      0.74-4.an23                         @os     
perl-Module-Loaded.noarch                                1:0.08-15.an23                      @updates
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                              1.000037-3.an23                     @os     
perl-Module-Signature.noarch                             0.88-3.an23                         @os     
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                    1.15-15.an23                        @updates
perl-NEXT.noarch                                         0.69-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Net.noarch                                          1.03-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Net-Ping.noarch                                     2.75-2.an23                         @os     
perl-ODBM_File.x86_64                                    1.17-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Object-HashBase.noarch                              0.009-4.an23                        @os     
perl-Opcode.x86_64                                       1.57-15.an23                        @updates
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                        2.03-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                            1.106-3.an23                        @os     
perl-Params-Check.noarch                                 1:0.38-4.an23                       @os     
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                                  1.102-3.an23                        @os     
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                    3.84-1.an23                         @System 
perl-Perl-OSType.noarch                                  1:1.010-4.an23                      @os     
perl-PerlIO-via-QuotedPrint.noarch                       1:0.10-2.an23                       @os     
perl-Pod-Checker.noarch                                  5:1.75-1.an23                       @os     
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                                  1:1.07-5.an23                       @System 
perl-Pod-Functions.noarch                                1.14-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                     1.33-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                                  3.28.01-5.an23                      @System 
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                                   3.43-5.an23                         @System 
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                    4:2.03-3.an23                       @System 
perl-Safe.noarch                                         2.43-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                            5:1.63-3.an23                       @System 
perl-Search-Dict.noarch                                  1.07-15.an23                        @updates
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                                  1.02-15.an23                        @updates
perl-SelfLoader.noarch                                   1.26-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Socket.x86_64                                       4:2.036-4.an23                      @System 
perl-Software-License.noarch                             1:0.104002-1.an23                   @os     
perl-Storable.x86_64                                     1:3.26-2.an23                       @System 
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                                 1:0.989-2.an23                      @os     
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                                  1:0.929-1.an23                      @os     
perl-Symbol.noarch                                       1.09-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                                 1.24-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                                   1:0.36-4.an23                       @os     
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                               5.01-4.an23                         @System 
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                     1.17-5.an23                         @System 
perl-Term-Complete.noarch                                1.403-15.an23                       @updates
perl-Term-ReadLine.noarch                                1.17-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Term-Size-Any.noarch                                0.002-4.an23                        @os     
perl-Term-Size-Perl.x86_64                               0.031-3.an23                        @os     
perl-Term-Table.noarch                                   0.016-5.an23                        @os     
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                                  1:2.38-3.an23                       @os     
perl-Test.noarch                                         1.31-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Test-Harness.noarch                                 1:3.44-2.an23                       @os     
perl-Test-Simple.noarch                                  3:1.302192-1.an23                   @os     
perl-Text-Abbrev.noarch                                  1.02-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                                2.06-1.an23                         @os     
perl-Text-Diff.noarch                                    1.45-4.an23                         @os     
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                                    0.11-3.an23                         @os     
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                              3.31-3.an23                         @System 
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                               2021.0814-4.an23                    @System 
perl-Text-Template.noarch                                1.61-2.an23                         @os     
perl-Thread.noarch                                       3.05-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                                 3.14-2.an23                         @os     
perl-Thread-Semaphore.noarch                             2.13-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Tie.noarch                                          4.6-15.an23                         @updates
perl-Tie-File.noarch                                     1.06-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Tie-Memoize.noarch                                  1.1-15.an23                         @updates
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                                  1.40-4.an23                         @os     
perl-Time.noarch                                         1.03-15.an23                        @updates
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                                   1.9770-3.an23                       @os     
perl-Time-Local.noarch                                   2:1.30-5.an23                       @System 
perl-Time-Piece.x86_64                                   1.3401-15.an23                      @updates
perl-URI.noarch                                          5.17-2.an23                         @os     
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                              1.31-4.an23                         @os     
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                            2019.001-5.an23                     @os     
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                            1.31-1.an23                         @os     
perl-Unicode-UCD.noarch                                  0.78-15.an23                        @updates
perl-User-pwent.noarch                                   1.03-15.an23                        @updates
perl-autodie.noarch                                      1:2.36-2.an23                       @os     
perl-autouse.noarch                                      1.11-15.an23                        @updates
perl-base.noarch                                         2.27-15.an23                        @updates
perl-bignum.noarch                                       0.66-2.an23                         @os     
perl-blib.noarch                                         1.07-15.an23                        @updates
perl-constant.noarch                                     1.33-8.an23                         @System 
perl-debugger.noarch                                     1.60-15.an23                        @updates
perl-deprecate.noarch                                    0.04-15.an23                        @updates
perl-devel.x86_64                                        4:5.36.3-15.an23                    @updates
perl-diagnostics.noarch                                  1.39-15.an23                        @updates
perl-doc.noarch                                          5.36.3-15.an23                      @updates
perl-encoding-warnings.noarch                            0.13-15.an23                        @updates
perl-experimental.noarch                                 0.031-2.an23                        @os     
perl-fields.noarch                                       2.27-15.an23                        @updates
perl-filetest.noarch                                     1.03-15.an23                        @updates
perl-if.noarch                                           0.61.000-15.an23                    @updates
perl-inc-latest.noarch                                   2:0.500-4.an23                      @os     
perl-interpreter.x86_64                                  4:5.36.3-15.an23                    @updates
perl-less.noarch                                         0.03-15.an23                        @updates
perl-lib.x86_64                                          0.65-15.an23                        @updates
perl-libnet.noarch                                       3.14-2.an23                         @os     
perl-libnetcfg.noarch                                    4:5.36.3-15.an23                    @updates
perl-libs.x86_64                                         4:5.36.3-15.an23                    @updates
perl-local-lib.noarch                                    2.000029-2.an23                     @os     
perl-locale.noarch                                       1.10-15.an23                        @updates
perl-macros.noarch                                       4:5.36.3-15.an23                    @updates
perl-meta-notation.noarch                                5.36.3-15.an23                      @updates
perl-mro.x86_64                                          1.26-15.an23                        @updates
perl-open.noarch                                         1.13-15.an23                        @updates
perl-overload.noarch                                     1.35-15.an23                        @updates
perl-overloading.noarch                                  0.02-15.an23                        @updates
perl-parent.noarch                                       1:0.239-3.an23                      @System 
perl-perlfaq.noarch                                      1:5.20210520-4.an23                 @os     
perl-ph.x86_64                                           5.36.3-15.an23                      @updates
perl-podlators.noarch                                    5.01-4.an23                         @System 
perl-sigtrap.noarch                                      1.10-15.an23                        @updates
perl-sort.noarch                                         2.05-15.an23                        @updates
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                                  23-3.an23                           @os     
perl-subs.noarch                                         1.04-15.an23                        @updates
perl-threads.x86_64                                      1:2.27-2.an23                       @os     
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                               1.64-2.an23                         @os     
perl-utils.noarch                                        5.36.3-15.an23                      @updates
perl-vars.noarch                                         1.05-15.an23                        @updates
perl-version.x86_64                                      8:0.99.29-5.an23                    @os     
perl-vmsish.noarch                                       1.04-15.an23                        @updates
pkgconf.x86_64                                           1.8.1-4.an23                        @os     
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                        1.8.1-4.an23                        @os     
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                                1.8.1-4.an23                        @os     
popt.x86_64                                              1.19-2.an23                         @System 
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                           20230718-1.an23                     @updates
python-pip-wheel.noarch                                  23.3.1-1.an23                       @updates
python-rpm-macros.noarch                                 3.10-23.1.an23                      @os     
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                           65.5.1-2.an23                       @System 
python-srpm-macros.noarch                                3.10-23.1.an23                      @os     
python3.x86_64                                           3.10.13-1.an23                      @updates
python3-dnf.noarch                                       4.16.2-1.an23                       @updates
python3-gpg.x86_64                                       1.21.0-1.an23                       @updates
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                    0.70.2-1.an23                       @updates
python3-libcomps.x86_64                                  0.1.19-2.an23                       @System 
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                    0.70.2-1.an23                       @updates
python3-libs.x86_64                                      3.10.13-1.an23                      @updates
python3-pyparsing.noarch                                 3.0.7-1.an23                        @os     
python3-rpm.x86_64                                       4.18.1-2.an23                       @updates
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                                3.10-23.1.an23                      @os     
qemu-img.x86_64                                          15:7.2.6-4.an23                     @updates
readline.x86_64                                          8.2-2.an23                          @System 
rootfiles.noarch                                         23-1.an23                           @System 
rpm.x86_64                                               4.18.1-2.an23                       @updates
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                    4.18.1-2.an23                       @updates
rpm-libs.x86_64                                          4.18.1-2.an23                       @updates
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                     4.18.1-2.an23                       @updates
rsync.x86_64                                             3.2.7-1.an23                        @os     
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                                  23-1.an23                           @os     
sed.x86_64                                               4.9-1.an23                          @System 
setup.noarch                                             2.14.3-1.an23                       @System 
shadow-utils.x86_64                                      4.13-3.an23                         @updates
sombok.x86_64                                            2.4.0-2.an23                        @os     
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                       3.44.2-1.an23                       @updates
sudo.x86_64                                              1.9.14p1-1.an23                     @updates
system-rpm-config.noarch                                 1:23-34.an23                        @updates
systemd-libs.x86_64                                      252.4-8.an23                        @updates
systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64                               4.8-3.an23                          @os     
tar.x86_64                                               2:1.34-4.an23                       @updates
tcl.x86_64                                               1:8.6.13-1.an23                     @os     
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                          4.0.1-3.an23                        @System 
tzdata.noarch                                            2023c-2.an23                        @System 
unzip.x86_64                                             1:6.0-3.an23                        @os     
util-linux.x86_64                                        2.38.1-1.an23                       @os     
util-linux-core.x86_64                                   2.38.1-1.an23                       @os     
vim-common.x86_64                                        2:9.0.2122-1.an23                   @updates
vim-data.noarch                                          2:9.0.2122-1.an23                   @updates
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                      2:9.0.2122-1.an23                   @updates
vim-filesystem.noarch                                    2:9.0.2122-1.an23                   @updates
vim-minimal.x86_64                                       2:9.0.2122-1.an23                   @updates
vtable-dumper.x86_64                                     1.2-2.an23                          @os     
which.x86_64                                             2.21-18.an23                        @os     
whois-nls.noarch                                         5.5.15-3.an23                       @System 
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                       0.8.1-4.an23                        @os     
xz-libs.x86_64                                           5.4.4-1.an23                        @updates
yum.noarch                                               4.16.2-1.an23                       @updates
zip.x86_64                                               3.0-24.an23                         @os     
zlib.x86_64                                              1.2.13-2.an23                       @updates
Available Packages
CUnit.x86_64                                             2.1.3-1.an23                        os      
CUnit-devel.x86_64                                       2.1.3-1.an23                        os      
CUnit-doc.noarch                                         2.1.3-1.an23                        os      
ImageMagick.x86_64                                       7.1.1.11-2.an23                     updates 
ImageMagick-c++.x86_64                                   7.1.1.11-2.an23                     updates 
ImageMagick-c++-devel.x86_64                             7.1.1.11-2.an23                     updates 
ImageMagick-devel.x86_64                                 7.1.1.11-2.an23                     updates 
ImageMagick-djvu.x86_64                                  7.1.1.11-2.an23                     updates 
ImageMagick-doc.x86_64                                   7.1.1.11-2.an23                     updates 
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                                  7.1.1.11-2.an23                     updates 
ImageMagick-perl.x86_64                                  7.1.1.11-2.an23                     updates 
Judy.x86_64                                              1.0.5-33.an23                       os      
Judy-devel.x86_64                                        1.0.5-33.an23                       os      
LibRaw.x86_64                                            0.21.1-1.an23                       os      
LibRaw-devel.x86_64                                      0.21.1-1.an23                       os      
ModemManager.x86_64                                      1.18.12-1.an23                      os      
ModemManager-devel.x86_64                                1.18.12-1.an23                      os      
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                                 1.18.12-1.an23                      os      
ModemManager-glib-devel.x86_64                           1.18.12-1.an23                      os      
ModemManager-vala.x86_64                                 1.18.12-1.an23                      os      
NetworkManager.x86_64                                    1:1.42.4-1.an23                     os      
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                               1:1.42.4-1.an23                     os      
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                          1:1.42.4-1.an23                     os      
NetworkManager-cloud-setup.x86_64                        1:1.42.4-1.an23                     os      
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-anolis.noarch         1:1.42.4-1.an23                     os      
NetworkManager-config-server.noarch                      1:1.42.4-1.an23                     os      
NetworkManager-dispatcher-routing-rules.noarch           1:1.42.4-1.an23                     os      
NetworkManager-initscripts-ifcfg-rh.x86_64               1:1.42.4-1.an23                     os      
NetworkManager-initscripts-updown.noarch                 1:1.42.4-1.an23                     os      
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                              1:1.42.4-1.an23                     os      
NetworkManager-libnm-devel.x86_64                        1:1.42.4-1.an23                     os      
NetworkManager-libreswan.x86_64                          1.2.16-1.an23                       os      
NetworkManager-libreswan-doc.noarch                      1.2.16-1.an23                       os      
NetworkManager-libreswan-gnome.x86_64                    1.2.16-1.an23                       os      
NetworkManager-ovs.x86_64                                1:1.42.4-1.an23                     os      
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                                1:1.42.4-1.an23                     os      
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                               1:1.42.4-1.an23                     os      
NetworkManager-tui.x86_64                                1:1.42.4-1.an23                     os      
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                               1:1.42.4-1.an23                     os      
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                               1:1.42.4-1.an23                     os      
OpenEXR-devel.x86_64                                     3.1.6-1.an23                        os      
OpenEXR-libs.x86_64                                      3.1.6-1.an23                        os      
PackageKit.x86_64                                        1.2.6-1.an23                        os      
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                      1.2.6-1.an23                        os      
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                                   1.2.6-1.an23                        os      
PackageKit-glib-devel.x86_64                             1.2.6-1.an23                        os      
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                       1.2.6-1.an23                        os      
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                            1.2.6-1.an23                        os      
Percona-XtraDB-Cluster-57.x86_64                         5.7.41-31.65.1.an23                 os      
Percona-XtraDB-Cluster-client-57.x86_64                  5.7.41-31.65.1.an23                 os      
Percona-XtraDB-Cluster-devel-57.x86_64                   5.7.41-31.65.1.an23                 os      
Percona-XtraDB-Cluster-full-57.x86_64                    5.7.41-31.65.1.an23                 os      
Percona-XtraDB-Cluster-garbd-57.x86_64                   5.7.41-31.65.1.an23                 os      
Percona-XtraDB-Cluster-server-57.x86_64                  5.7.41-31.65.1.an23                 os      
Percona-XtraDB-Cluster-shared-57.x86_64                  5.7.41-31.65.1.an23                 os      
Percona-XtraDB-Cluster-test-57.x86_64                    5.7.41-31.65.1.an23                 os      
PyQt-builder.noarch                                      1.14.1-1.an23                       os      
PyQt-builder-doc.noarch                                  1.14.1-1.an23                       os      
SDL2.x86_64                                              2.26.4-2.an23                       os      
SDL2-devel.x86_64                                        2.26.4-2.an23                       os      
Xaw3d.x86_64                                             1.6.4-1.an23                        os      
Xaw3d-devel.x86_64                                       1.6.4-1.an23                        os      
aa_nginx.x86_64                                          1.22.1-2.an23                       updates 
aa_nginx-doc.noarch                                      1.22.1-2.an23                       updates 
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                           0.303.1-4.an23                      os      
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                        0.303.1-4.an23                      os      
abi-compliance-checker.noarch                            2.3-2.an23                          os      
abseil-cpp.x86_64                                        20230125.3-1.an23                   os      
abseil-cpp-devel.x86_64                                  20230125.3-1.an23                   os      
abseil-cpp-doc.noarch                                    20230125.3-1.an23                   os      
accel-config.x86_64                                      3.5.1-4.an23                        updates 
accel-config-devel.x86_64                                3.5.1-4.an23                        updates 
accel-config-doc.noarch                                  3.5.1-4.an23                        updates 
accel-config-libs.x86_64                                 3.5.1-4.an23                        updates 
accel-telemetry.x86_64                                   0.1.2-1.an23                        updates 
accountsservice.x86_64                                   22.08.8-2.an23                      os      
accountsservice-devel.x86_64                             22.08.8-2.an23                      os      
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                              22.08.8-2.an23                      os      
acl.x86_64                                               2.3.1-3.an23                        os      
acpica-tools.x86_64                                      20221020-1.an23                     os      
acpica-tools-doc.noarch                                  20221020-1.an23                     os      
acpid.x86_64                                             2.0.34-1.an23                       os      
adcli.x86_64                                             0.9.2-1.an23                        os      
adcli-doc.noarch                                         0.9.2-1.an23                        os      
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                               20230118-1.an23                     os      
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                    20230118-1.an23                     os      
adobe-mappings-cmap-devel.noarch                         20230118-1.an23                     os      
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                                20190401-1.an23                     os      
adobe-mappings-pdf-devel.noarch                          20190401-1.an23                     os      
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                       2.038.1.058.1.018-3.an23            os      
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                              43-1.an23                           os      
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                                3.28-1.an23                         os      
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                                43-1.an23                           os      
adwaita-icon-theme-devel.noarch                          43-1.an23                           os      
aide.x86_64                                              0.16-1.an23                         os      
aide-doc.noarch                                          0.16-1.an23                         os      
alibaba-puhui-fonts.noarch                               3-1.an23                            updates 
alsa-lib.x86_64                                          1.2.9-1.an23                        os      
alsa-lib-devel.x86_64                                    1.2.9-1.an23                        os      
alsa-topology.noarch                                     1.2.9-1.an23                        os      
alsa-ucm.noarch                                          1.2.9-1.an23                        os      
alsa-utils.x86_64                                        1.2.9-1.an23                        os      
amtk.x86_64                                              5.6.1-1.an23                        os      
amtk-devel.x86_64                                        5.6.1-1.an23                        os      
amtk-doc.noarch                                          5.6.1-1.an23                        os      
anaconda.x86_64                                          38.23-3.an23                        os      
anaconda-core.x86_64                                     38.23-3.an23                        os      
anaconda-dracut.x86_64                                   38.23-3.an23                        os      
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                      38.23-3.an23                        os      
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                         38.23-3.an23                        os      
anaconda-install-img-deps.x86_64                         38.23-3.an23                        os      
anaconda-live.x86_64                                     38.23-3.an23                        os      
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                      38.23-3.an23                        os      
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                                  38.23-3.an23                        os      
anaconda-widgets-devel.x86_64                            38.23-3.an23                        os      
annobin-annocheck.x86_64                                 12.03-1.an23                        os      
anolis-backgrounds.noarch                                23.0-4.an23                         os      
anolis-epao-release.noarch                               23-2.an23                           os      
anolis-logos.x86_64                                      23.0-4.an23                         os      
anolis-logos-httpd.noarch                                23.0-4.an23                         os      
anolis-logos-ipa.noarch                                  23.0-4.an23                         os      
anolis-nightly-release.noarch                            23-2.an23                           os      
ant.noarch                                               1.10.12-1.an23                      os      
ant-junit.noarch                                         1.10.12-1.an23                      os      
ant-lib.noarch                                           1.10.12-1.an23                      os      
aom.x86_64                                               3.6.0-2.an23                        os      
aom-doc.noarch                                           3.6.0-2.an23                        os      
aopalliance.noarch                                       1.0-21.an23                         os      
aopalliance-javadoc.noarch                               1.0-21.an23                         os      
apache-commons-beanutils.noarch                          1.9.4-1.an23                        os      
apache-commons-beanutils-javadoc.noarch                  1.9.4-1.an23                        os      
apache-commons-cli.noarch                                1.5.0-1.an23                        os      
apache-commons-cli-javadoc.noarch                        1.5.0-1.an23                        os      
apache-commons-codec.noarch                              1.15-1.an23                         os      
apache-commons-codec-javadoc.noarch                      1.15-1.an23                         os      
apache-commons-collections.noarch                        3.2.2-1.an23                        os      
apache-commons-collections-javadoc.noarch                3.2.2-1.an23                        os      
apache-commons-collections-testframework.noarch          3.2.2-1.an23                        os      
apache-commons-collections4.noarch                       4.4-1.an23                          os      
apache-commons-collections4-javadoc.noarch               4.4-1.an23                          os      
apache-commons-compress.noarch                           1.21-1.an23                         os      
apache-commons-exec.noarch                               1.3-1.an23                          os      
apache-commons-exec-javadoc.noarch                       1.3-1.an23                          os      
apache-commons-io.noarch                                 1:2.11.0-1.an23                     os      
apache-commons-io-javadoc.noarch                         1:2.11.0-1.an23                     os      
apache-commons-jxpath.noarch                             1.3-1.an23                          os      
apache-commons-jxpath-javadoc.noarch                     1.3-1.an23                          os      
apache-commons-lang3.noarch                              3.12.0-1.an23                       os      
apache-commons-lang3-javadoc.noarch                      3.12.0-1.an23                       os      
apache-commons-logging.noarch                            1.2-2.an23                          os      
apache-commons-logging-javadoc.noarch                    1.2-2.an23                          os      
apache-ivy.noarch                                        2.5.1-1.an23                        os      
apache-ivy-javadoc.noarch                                2.5.1-1.an23                        os      
apache-resource-bundles.noarch                           37-1.an23                           os      
apiguardian.noarch                                       1.1.2-1.an23                        os      
apiguardian-javadoc.noarch                               1.1.2-1.an23                        os      
appstream.x86_64                                         0.16.1-1.an23                       os      
appstream-devel.x86_64                                   0.16.1-1.an23                       os      
apr.x86_64                                               1.7.4-1.an23                        os      
apr-devel.x86_64                                         1.7.4-1.an23                        os      
apr-util.x86_64                                          1:1.6.3-3.an23                      os      
apr-util-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.6.3-3.an23                      os      
apr-util-ldap.x86_64                                     1:1.6.3-3.an23                      os      
apr-util-mysql.x86_64                                    1:1.6.3-3.an23                      os      
apr-util-odbc.x86_64                                     1:1.6.3-3.an23                      os      
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                                  1:1.6.3-3.an23                      os      
apr-util-pgsql.x86_64                                    1:1.6.3-3.an23                      os      
apr-util-sqlite.x86_64                                   1:1.6.3-3.an23                      os      
aqute-bnd.noarch                                         6.3.1-1.an23                        os      
aqute-bnd-javadoc.noarch                                 6.3.1-1.an23                        os      
aqute-bndlib.noarch                                      6.3.1-1.an23                        os      
argon2.x86_64                                            20190702-3.an23                     os      
args4j.noarch                                            2.33-1.an23                         os      
args4j-javadoc.noarch                                    2.33-1.an23                         os      
asciidoc.noarch                                          10.2.0-1.an23                       os      
asio-devel.x86_64                                        1.26.0-1.an23                       os      
aspell.x86_64                                            12:0.60.8-3.an23                    updates 
aspell-devel.x86_64                                      12:0.60.8-3.an23                    updates 
aspell-doc.noarch                                        12:0.60.8-3.an23                    updates 
aspell-en.x86_64                                         50:2020.12.07-2.an23                os      
assertj-core.noarch                                      3.24.2-1.an23                       os      
assertj-core-javadoc.noarch                              3.24.2-1.an23                       os      
at.x86_64                                                3.2.5-3.an23                        os      
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                       2.48.2-1.an23                       os      
at-spi2-atk-devel.x86_64                                 2.48.2-1.an23                       os      
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                      2.48.2-1.an23                       os      
at-spi2-core-devel.x86_64                                2.48.2-1.an23                       os      
atf-tests.x86_64                                         0.21-4.an23                         os      
atinject.noarch                                          1.0.5-1.an23                        os      
atinject-javadoc.noarch                                  1.0.5-1.an23                        os      
atk.x86_64                                               2.48.2-1.an23                       os      
atk-devel.x86_64                                         2.48.2-1.an23                       os      
atkmm.x86_64                                             2.28.3-1.an23                       os      
atkmm-devel.x86_64                                       2.28.3-1.an23                       os      
atlas.x86_64                                             3.10.3-1.an23                       os      
atlas-corei2.x86_64                                      3.10.3-1.an23                       os      
atlas-corei2-devel.x86_64                                3.10.3-1.an23                       os      
atlas-corei2-static.x86_64                               3.10.3-1.an23                       os      
atlas-devel.x86_64                                       3.10.3-1.an23                       os      
atlas-doc.noarch                                         3.10.3-1.an23                       os      
atlas-static.x86_64                                      3.10.3-1.an23                       os      
atmel-firmware.noarch                                    1.3-1.an23                          os      
atmel-firmware-doc.noarch                                1.3-1.an23                          os      
attr.x86_64                                              2.5.1-5.an23                        os      
audispd-plugins.x86_64                                   3.1.1-2.an23                        os      
audit.x86_64                                             3.1.1-2.an23                        os      
audit-libs-devel.x86_64                                  3.1.1-2.an23                        os      
augeas.x86_64                                            1.13.0-5.an23                       os      
augeas-devel.x86_64                                      1.13.0-5.an23                       os      
augeas-libs.x86_64                                       1.13.0-5.an23                       os      
augeas-static.x86_64                                     1.13.0-5.an23                       os      
authselect-compat.x86_64                                 1.4.2-2.an23                        os      
authselect-devel.x86_64                                  1.4.2-2.an23                        os      
autoconf.noarch                                          2.71-3.an23                         os      
autoconf-archive.noarch                                  2023.02.20-1.an23                   os      
autoconf-archive-doc.noarch                              2023.02.20-1.an23                   os      
autogen.x86_64                                           5.18.16-2.an23                      os      
autogen-libopts.x86_64                                   5.18.16-2.an23                      os      
autogen-libopts-devel.x86_64                             5.18.16-2.an23                      os      
automake.noarch                                          1.16.5-3.an23                       os      
autotrace.x86_64                                         0.31.9-1.an23                       os      
avahi.x86_64                                             0.8-6.an23                          updates 
avahi-autoipd.x86_64                                     0.8-6.an23                          updates 
avahi-compat-howl.x86_64                                 0.8-6.an23                          updates 
avahi-compat-howl-devel.x86_64                           0.8-6.an23                          updates 
avahi-compat-libdns_sd.x86_64                            0.8-6.an23                          updates 
avahi-compat-libdns_sd-devel.x86_64                      0.8-6.an23                          updates 
avahi-devel.x86_64                                       0.8-6.an23                          updates 
avahi-dnsconfd.x86_64                                    0.8-6.an23                          updates 
avahi-glib.x86_64                                        0.8-6.an23                          updates 
avahi-glib-devel.x86_64                                  0.8-6.an23                          updates 
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                     0.8-6.an23                          updates 
avahi-gobject-devel.x86_64                               0.8-6.an23                          updates 
avahi-libs.x86_64                                        0.8-6.an23                          updates 
avahi-qt5.x86_64                                         0.8-6.an23                          updates 
avahi-qt5-devel.x86_64                                   0.8-6.an23                          updates 
avahi-tools.x86_64                                       0.8-6.an23                          updates 
avahi-ui-devel.x86_64                                    0.8-6.an23                          updates 
avahi-ui-gtk3.x86_64                                     0.8-6.an23                          updates 
avahi-ui-tools.x86_64                                    0.8-6.an23                          updates 
babeltrace.x86_64                                        1.5.11-2.an23                       os      
bash-completion.noarch                                   1:2.11-2.an23                       os      
bash-devel.x86_64                                        5.2.15-1.an23                       os      
bc.x86_64                                                1.07.1-7.an23                       os      
bc-doc.noarch                                            1.07.1-7.an23                       os      
bcc.x86_64                                               0.27.0-1.an23                       os      
bcc-devel.x86_64                                         0.27.0-1.an23                       os      
bcc-doc.noarch                                           0.27.0-1.an23                       os      
bcc-lua.x86_64                                           0.27.0-1.an23                       os      
bcc-tools.x86_64                                         0.27.0-1.an23                       os      
bdf2psf.noarch                                           1.218-1.an23                        os      
bdftopcf.x86_64                                          1.1-1.an23                          os      
beakerlib.noarch                                         1.29.3-1.an23                       os      
beakerlib-doc.noarch                                     1.29.3-1.an23                       os      
beakerlib-vim-syntax.noarch                              1.29.3-1.an23                       os      
beust-jcommander.noarch                                  1.78-1.an23                         os      
biber.noarch                                             2.19-1.an23                         os      
bind.x86_64                                              32:9.18.16-1.an23                   os      
bind-chroot.x86_64                                       32:9.18.16-1.an23                   os      
bind-devel.x86_64                                        32:9.18.16-1.an23                   os      
bind-dlz-filesystem.x86_64                               32:9.18.16-1.an23                   os      
bind-dlz-ldap.x86_64                                     32:9.18.16-1.an23                   os      
bind-dlz-mysql.x86_64                                    32:9.18.16-1.an23                   os      
bind-dnssec-doc.noarch                                   32:9.18.16-1.an23                   os      
bind-dnssec-utils.x86_64                                 32:9.18.16-1.an23                   os      
bind-doc.noarch                                          32:9.18.16-1.an23                   os      
bind-libs.x86_64                                         32:9.18.16-1.an23                   os      
bind-license.noarch                                      32:9.18.16-1.an23                   os      
bind-utils.x86_64                                        32:9.18.16-1.an23                   os      
binutils-devel.x86_64                                    2.40-3.an23                         updates 
binutils-doc.noarch                                      2.40-3.an23                         updates 
biosdevname.x86_64                                       0.7.3-3.an23                        os      
bison.x86_64                                             3.8.2-2.an23                        os      
bison-devel.x86_64                                       3.8.2-2.an23                        os      
bison-doc.noarch                                         3.8.2-2.an23                        os      
bison-runtime.noarch                                     3.8.2-2.an23                        os      
bitmap-console-fonts.noarch                              1:0.3-2.an23                        os      
bitmap-console-opentype-fonts.noarch                     1:0.3-2.an23                        os      
bitmap-fangsongti-fonts.noarch                           1:0.3-2.an23                        os      
bitmap-fangsongti-opentype-fonts.noarch                  1:0.3-2.an23                        os      
bitmap-fixed-fonts.noarch                                1:0.3-2.an23                        os      
bitmap-fixed-opentype-fonts.noarch                       1:0.3-2.an23                        os      
bitmap-fonts-compat.noarch                               1:0.3-2.an23                        os      
bitmap-lucida-typewriter-fonts.noarch                    1:0.3-2.an23                        os      
bitmap-lucida-typewriter-opentype-fonts.noarch           1:0.3-2.an23                        os      
bitmap-opentype-fonts-compat.noarch                      1:0.3-2.an23                        os      
black.noarch                                             22.8.0-1.an23                       os      
black+colorama.noarch                                    22.8.0-1.an23                       os      
black+d.noarch                                           22.8.0-1.an23                       os      
black+uvloop.noarch                                      22.8.0-1.an23                       os      
blas.x86_64                                              3.11.0-1.an23                       os      
blas-devel.x86_64                                        3.11.0-1.an23                       os      
blas-static.x86_64                                       3.11.0-1.an23                       os      
blas64.x86_64                                            3.11.0-1.an23                       os      
blas64_.x86_64                                           3.11.0-1.an23                       os      
blis.x86_64                                              0.7.0-1.an23                        os      
blis-devel.x86_64                                        0.7.0-1.an23                        os      
blis-doc.noarch                                          0.7.0-1.an23                        os      
blis-openmp.x86_64                                       0.7.0-1.an23                        os      
blis-openmp64.x86_64                                     0.7.0-1.an23                        os      
blis-serial64.x86_64                                     0.7.0-1.an23                        os      
blis-srpm-macros.noarch                                  0.7.0-1.an23                        os      
blis-threads.x86_64                                      0.7.0-1.an23                        os      
blis-threads64.x86_64                                    0.7.0-1.an23                        os      
blivet-data.noarch                                       1:3.6.1-1.an23                      os      
bluez.x86_64                                             5.69-1.an23                         updates 
bluez-cups.x86_64                                        5.69-1.an23                         updates 
bluez-doc.noarch                                         5.69-1.an23                         updates 
bluez-hid2hci.x86_64                                     5.69-1.an23                         updates 
bluez-libs.x86_64                                        5.69-1.an23                         updates 
bluez-libs-devel.x86_64                                  5.69-1.an23                         updates 
bluez-mesh.x86_64                                        5.69-1.an23                         updates 
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                       5.69-1.an23                         updates 
bmc-snmp-proxy.noarch                                    1.8.18-3.an23                       os      
bolt.x86_64                                              0.9.5-1.an23                        os      
boost.x86_64                                             1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-atomic.x86_64                                      1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-b2.x86_64                                          1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-build.noarch                                       1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-chrono.x86_64                                      1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-container.x86_64                                   1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-context.x86_64                                     1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-contract.x86_64                                    1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-coroutine.x86_64                                   1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-date-time.x86_64                                   1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-devel.x86_64                                       1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-doctools.x86_64                                    1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-examples.x86_64                                    1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-fiber.x86_64                                       1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-filesystem.x86_64                                  1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-graph.x86_64                                       1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-graph-mpich.x86_64                                 1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-graph-openmpi.x86_64                               1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-iostreams.x86_64                                   1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-json.x86_64                                        1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-locale.x86_64                                      1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-log.x86_64                                         1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-math.x86_64                                        1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-mpich.x86_64                                       1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-mpich-devel.x86_64                                 1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-mpich-python3.x86_64                               1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-mpich-python3-devel.x86_64                         1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-nowide.x86_64                                      1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-numpy3.x86_64                                      1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-openmpi.x86_64                                     1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-openmpi-devel.x86_64                               1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-openmpi-python3.x86_64                             1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-openmpi-python3-devel.x86_64                       1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-program-options.x86_64                             1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-python3.x86_64                                     1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-random.x86_64                                      1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-regex.x86_64                                       1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-serialization.x86_64                               1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-stacktrace.x86_64                                  1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-static.x86_64                                      1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-system.x86_64                                      1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-test.x86_64                                        1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-thread.x86_64                                      1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-timer.x86_64                                       1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-type_erasure.x86_64                                1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-url.x86_64                                         1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
boost-wave.x86_64                                        1.81.0-3.an23                       os      
bouncycastle.noarch                                      1.70-1.an23                         os      
bouncycastle-javadoc.noarch                              1.70-1.an23                         os      
bouncycastle-mail.noarch                                 1.70-1.an23                         os      
bouncycastle-pg.noarch                                   1.70-1.an23                         os      
bouncycastle-pkix.noarch                                 1.70-1.an23                         os      
bouncycastle-tls.noarch                                  1.70-1.an23                         os      
bouncycastle-util.noarch                                 1.70-1.an23                         os      
bpftool.x86_64                                           5.10.134-16.1.an23                  updates 
bpftrace.x86_64                                          0.16.0-3.an23                       os      
bridge-utils.x86_64                                      1.7.1-2.an23                        os      
brlapi.x86_64                                            0.8.4-5.an23                        os      
brlapi-devel.x86_64                                      0.8.4-5.an23                        os      
brlapi-java.x86_64                                       0.8.4-5.an23                        os      
brltty.x86_64                                            6.5-5.an23                          os      
brltty-at-spi2.x86_64                                    6.5-5.an23                          os      
brltty-docs.noarch                                       6.5-5.an23                          os      
brltty-dracut.x86_64                                     6.5-5.an23                          os      
brltty-minimal.x86_64                                    6.5-5.an23                          os      
brltty-xw.x86_64                                         6.5-5.an23                          os      
brotli.x86_64                                            1.0.9-5.an23                        os      
brotli-devel.x86_64                                      1.0.9-5.an23                        os      
bsdcat.x86_64                                            3.7.1-1.an23                        updates 
bsdcpio.x86_64                                           3.7.1-1.an23                        updates 
bsdtar.x86_64                                            3.7.1-1.an23                        updates 
bsdunzip.x86_64                                          3.7.1-1.an23                        updates 
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                       6.1.2-2.an23                        os      
btrfs-progs-devel.x86_64                                 6.1.2-2.an23                        os      
bubblewrap.x86_64                                        0.7.0-1.an23                        os      
buildkit.x86_64                                          0.10.5~rc.1-1.an23                  os      
buildkit-doc.noarch                                      0.10.5~rc.1-1.an23                  os      
busybox.x86_64                                           1:1.36.0-2.an23                     os      
busybox-doc.noarch                                       1:1.36.0-2.an23                     os      
busybox-petitboot.x86_64                                 1:1.36.0-2.an23                     os      
busybox-shared.x86_64                                    1:1.36.0-2.an23                     os      
byacc.x86_64                                             2.0.20230219-2.an23                 os      
byacc-doc.noarch                                         2.0.20230219-2.an23                 os      
byaccj.x86_64                                            1.15-1.an23                         os      
byaccj-doc.noarch                                        1.15-1.an23                         os      
byte-buddy.noarch                                        1.14.2-1.an23                       os      
byte-buddy-agent.noarch                                  1.14.2-1.an23                       os      
byte-buddy-javadoc.noarch                                1.14.2-1.an23                       os      
byte-buddy-maven-plugin.noarch                           1.14.2-1.an23                       os      
bzip2.x86_64                                             1.0.8-1.an23                        os      
bzip2-devel.x86_64                                       1.0.8-1.an23                        os      
bzip2-static.x86_64                                      1.0.8-1.an23                        os      
c-ares.x86_64                                            1.19.1-1.an23                       os      
c-ares-devel.x86_64                                      1.19.1-1.an23                       os      
cairo.x86_64                                             1.17.8-1.an23                       os      
cairo-devel.x86_64                                       1.17.8-1.an23                       os      
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                     1.17.8-1.an23                       os      
cairo-gobject-devel.x86_64                               1.17.8-1.an23                       os      
cairo-tools.x86_64                                       1.17.8-1.an23                       os      
cairomm.x86_64                                           1.14.4-1.an23                       os      
cairomm-devel.x86_64                                     1.14.4-1.an23                       os      
capstone.x86_64                                          4.0.2-2.an23                        os      
capstone-devel.x86_64                                    4.0.2-2.an23                        os      
cargo.x86_64                                             1.71.1-2.an23                       updates 
cargo-c.x86_64                                           0.9.12-1.an23                       os      
ccache-swig.x86_64                                       4.1.1-2.an23                        os      
cdi-api.noarch                                           2.0.2-1.an23                        os      
cdi-api-javadoc.noarch                                   2.0.2-1.an23                        os      
cdparanoia.x86_64                                        10.2-28.an23                        os      
cdparanoia-devel.x86_64                                  10.2-28.an23                        os      
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                                   10.2-28.an23                        os      
cdparanoia-static.x86_64                                 10.2-28.an23                        os      
cepces.noarch                                            0.3.7-1.an23                        os      
cepces-certmonger.noarch                                 0.3.7-1.an23                        os      
cepces-doc.noarch                                        0.3.7-1.an23                        os      
cepces-selinux.noarch                                    0.3.7-1.an23                        os      
ceph.x86_64                                              2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-base.x86_64                                         2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-common.x86_64                                       2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-exporter.x86_64                                     2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-fuse.x86_64                                         2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-grafana-dashboards.noarch                           2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-immutable-object-cache.x86_64                       2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-mds.x86_64                                          2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-mgr.x86_64                                          2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-mgr-cephadm.noarch                                  2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-mgr-dashboard.noarch                                2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-mgr-diskprediction-local.noarch                     2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-mgr-k8sevents.noarch                                2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-mgr-modules-core.noarch                             2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-mgr-rook.noarch                                     2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-mon.x86_64                                          2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-osd.x86_64                                          2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-prometheus-alerts.noarch                            2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-radosgw.x86_64                                      2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-resource-agents.noarch                              2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-selinux.x86_64                                      2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-test.x86_64                                         2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
ceph-volume.noarch                                       2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
cephadm.noarch                                           2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
cephfs-mirror.x86_64                                     2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
cephfs-shell.x86_64                                      2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
cephfs-top.noarch                                        2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
cereal-devel.x86_64                                      1.3.2-1.an23                        os      
cereal-doc.noarch                                        1.3.2-1.an23                        os      
certmonger.x86_64                                        0.79.18-1.an23                      os      
certmonger-doc.noarch                                    0.79.18-1.an23                      os      
cglib.noarch                                             3.3.0-1.an23                        os      
cglib-javadoc.noarch                                     3.3.0-1.an23                        os      
chafa-devel.x86_64                                       1.12.4-2.an23                       os      
chafa-libs.x86_64                                        1.12.4-2.an23                       os      
check.x86_64                                             0.15.2-1.an23                       os      
check-devel.x86_64                                       0.15.2-1.an23                       os      
checkpolicy.x86_64                                       3.5-2.an23                          os      
chkconfig.x86_64                                         1.21-2.an23                         os      
chrome-gnome-shell.x86_64                                42.1-1.an23                         updates 
chrome-gnome-shell-doc.noarch                            42.1-1.an23                         updates 
chrony.x86_64                                            4.3-3.an23                          os      
chrpath.x86_64                                           0.16-8.an23                         os      
chrpath-doc.noarch                                       0.16-8.an23                         os      
cifs-utils.x86_64                                        7.0-1.an23                          os      
cifs-utils-devel.x86_64                                  7.0-1.an23                          os      
clang.x86_64                                             16.0.6-2.an23                       updates 
clang-analyzer.noarch                                    16.0.6-2.an23                       updates 
clang-devel.x86_64                                       16.0.6-2.an23                       updates 
clang-libs.x86_64                                        16.0.6-2.an23                       updates 
clang-resource-filesystem.x86_64                         16.0.6-2.an23                       updates 
clang-tools-extra.x86_64                                 16.0.6-2.an23                       updates 
clang-tools-extra-devel.x86_64                           16.0.6-2.an23                       updates 
clevis.x86_64                                            19-1.an23                           os      
clevis-luks.x86_64                                       19-1.an23                           os      
clippy.x86_64                                            1.71.1-2.an23                       updates 
clisp.x86_64                                             2.49.93-5.an23                      os      
clisp-devel.x86_64                                       2.49.93-5.an23                      os      
cloud-init.noarch                                        19.1.17-1.an23                      os      
cloud-utils-growpart.noarch                              0.32-2.an23                         os      
clutter.x86_64                                           1.26.4-1.an23                       os      
clutter-devel.x86_64                                     1.26.4-1.an23                       os      
clutter-doc.x86_64                                       1.26.4-1.an23                       os      
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                       1.8.4-1.an23                        os      
clutter-gtk-devel.x86_64                                 1.8.4-1.an23                        os      
clutter-gtk-doc.noarch                                   1.8.4-1.an23                        os      
clutter-tests.x86_64                                     1.26.4-1.an23                       os      
cmake.x86_64                                             3.26.3-1.an23                       os      
cmake-data.noarch                                        3.26.3-1.an23                       os      
cmake-doc.noarch                                         3.26.3-1.an23                       os      
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                                  3.26.3-1.an23                       os      
cmake-gui.x86_64                                         3.26.3-1.an23                       os      
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                                  3.26.3-1.an23                       os      
cmocka-doc.noarch                                        1.1.7-1.an23                        os      
cockpit.x86_64                                           289-1.an23                          os      
cockpit-bridge.x86_64                                    289-1.an23                          os      
cockpit-doc.noarch                                       289-1.an23                          os      
cockpit-packagekit.noarch                                289-1.an23                          os      
cockpit-storaged.noarch                                  289-1.an23                          os      
cockpit-system.noarch                                    289-1.an23                          os      
cockpit-ws.x86_64                                        289-1.an23                          os      
cogl.x86_64                                              1.22.8-1.an23                       os      
cogl-devel.x86_64                                        1.22.8-1.an23                       os      
cogl-doc.noarch                                          1.22.8-1.an23                       os      
cogl-tests.x86_64                                        1.22.8-1.an23                       os      
color-filesystem.noarch                                  23-2.an23                           os      
colord.x86_64                                            1.4.6-3.an23                        os      
colord-devel.x86_64                                      1.4.6-3.an23                        os      
colord-devel-docs.noarch                                 1.4.6-3.an23                        os      
colord-extra-profiles.noarch                             1.4.6-3.an23                        os      
colord-gtk.x86_64                                        0.3.0-3.an23                        os      
colord-gtk-devel.x86_64                                  0.3.0-3.an23                        os      
colord-gtk4.x86_64                                       0.3.0-3.an23                        os      
colord-gtk4-devel.x86_64                                 0.3.0-3.an23                        os      
colord-libs.x86_64                                       1.4.6-3.an23                        os      
colord-tests.x86_64                                      1.4.6-3.an23                        os      
compat-libpthread-nonshared.x86_64                       2.36-10.an23                        updates 
compiler-rt.x86_64                                       16.0.6-2.an23                       updates 
compiler-rt-doc.noarch                                   16.0.6-2.an23                       updates 
composer.noarch                                          2.5.5-1.an23                        os      
composer-doc.noarch                                      2.5.5-1.an23                        os      
conntrack-tools.x86_64                                   1.4.7-2.an23                        os      
console-setup.noarch                                     1.218-1.an23                        os      
console-setup-doc.noarch                                 1.218-1.an23                        os      
container-selinux.noarch                                 2:2.210.0-1.an23                    os      
containerd.x86_64                                        1.6.20-4.an23                       os      
containernetworking-plugins.x86_64                       1.2.0-2.an23                        os      
coreutils.x86_64                                         9.4-2.an23                          updates 
coreutils-common.x86_64                                  9.4-2.an23                          updates 
coreutils-doc.noarch                                     9.4-2.an23                          updates 
cpio.x86_64                                              2.14-1.an23                         os      
cppunit.x86_64                                           1.15.1-1.an23                       os      
cppunit-devel.x86_64                                     1.15.1-1.an23                       os      
cppunit-doc.noarch                                       1.15.1-1.an23                       os      
cpu_features.x86_64                                      0.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
cpu_features-devel.x86_64                                0.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
cpu_features-doc.x86_64                                  0.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
cracklib-devel.x86_64                                    2.9.8-1.an23                        os      
crash.x86_64                                             8.0.2-2.an23                        updates 
crash-devel.x86_64                                       8.0.2-2.an23                        updates 
crash-doc.noarch                                         8.0.2-2.an23                        updates 
createrepo_c.x86_64                                      0.20.1-1.an23                       os      
createrepo_c-devel.x86_64                                0.20.1-1.an23                       os      
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                                 0.20.1-1.an23                       os      
cri-rm.x86_64                                            0.7.2-1.an23                        os      
cri-tools.x86_64                                         1.23.0-1.an23                       os      
crit.x86_64                                              3.17.1-2.an23                       os      
criu.x86_64                                              3.17.1-2.an23                       os      
criu-devel.x86_64                                        3.17.1-2.an23                       os      
criu-libs.x86_64                                         3.17.1-2.an23                       os      
criu-ns.x86_64                                           3.17.1-2.an23                       os      
cronie.x86_64                                            1.6.1-2.an23                        os      
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                    1.6.1-2.an23                        os      
cronie-noanacron.x86_64                                  1.6.1-2.an23                        os      
crontabs.noarch                                          1.11-2.20190603git.an23             os      
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                           20221215-4.an23                     os      
cryptsetup.x86_64                                        2.6.1-1.an23                        os      
cryptsetup-devel.x86_64                                  2.6.1-1.an23                        os      
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                                   2.6.1-1.an23                        os      
cryptsetup-ssh-token.x86_64                              2.6.1-1.an23                        os      
cscope.x86_64                                            15.9-1.an23                         os      
cscope-doc.noarch                                        15.9-1.an23                         os      
csnappy.x86_64                                           0-1.an23                            os      
csnappy-devel.x86_64                                     0-1.an23                            os      
csnappy-doc.noarch                                       0-1.an23                            os      
ctags.x86_64                                             6.0.0-1.an23                        os      
ctdb.x86_64                                              4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
cups.x86_64                                              1:2.4.7-1.an23                      updates 
cups-client.x86_64                                       1:2.4.7-1.an23                      updates 
cups-devel.x86_64                                        1:2.4.7-1.an23                      updates 
cups-doc.noarch                                          1:2.4.7-1.an23                      updates 
cups-filesystem.noarch                                   1:2.4.7-1.an23                      updates 
cups-filters.x86_64                                      1.28.17-2.an23                      os      
cups-filters-braille.x86_64                              1.28.17-2.an23                      os      
cups-filters-devel.x86_64                                1.28.17-2.an23                      os      
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                                 1.28.17-2.an23                      os      
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                      1:2.4.7-1.an23                      updates 
cups-libs.x86_64                                         1:2.4.7-1.an23                      updates 
cups-lpd.x86_64                                          1:2.4.7-1.an23                      updates 
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                    0.2.7-1.an23                        os      
cups-printerapp.x86_64                                   1:2.4.7-1.an23                      updates 
curl-doc.noarch                                          8.5.0-1.an23                        updates 
curl-minimal.x86_64                                      8.5.0-1.an23                        updates 
cvs.x86_64                                               1.11.23-1.an23                      os      
cvs-contrib.noarch                                       1.11.23-1.an23                      os      
cvs-doc.noarch                                           1.11.23-1.an23                      os      
cxl-cli.x86_64                                           73-2.an23                           os      
cxl-devel.x86_64                                         73-2.an23                           os      
cxl-libs.x86_64                                          73-2.an23                           os      
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                        2.1.28-6.an23                       os      
cyrus-sasl-devel.x86_64                                  2.1.28-6.an23                       os      
cyrus-sasl-gs2.x86_64                                    2.1.28-6.an23                       os      
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                                 2.1.28-6.an23                       os      
cyrus-sasl-ldap.x86_64                                   2.1.28-6.an23                       os      
cyrus-sasl-md5.x86_64                                    2.1.28-6.an23                       os      
cyrus-sasl-ntlm.x86_64                                   2.1.28-6.an23                       os      
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                                  2.1.28-6.an23                       os      
cyrus-sasl-scram.x86_64                                  2.1.28-6.an23                       os      
cyrus-sasl-sql.x86_64                                    2.1.28-6.an23                       os      
dash.x86_64                                              0.5.12-1.an23                       os      
dash-doc.noarch                                          0.5.12-1.an23                       os      
datefudge.x86_64                                         1.24-1.an23                         os      
datefudge-doc.noarch                                     1.24-1.an23                         os      
daxctl.x86_64                                            73-2.an23                           os      
daxctl-devel.x86_64                                      73-2.an23                           os      
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                       73-2.an23                           os      
dblatex.noarch                                           0.3.12-1.an23                       os      
dblatex-doc.noarch                                       0.3.12-1.an23                       os      
dbus.x86_64                                              1:1.14.8-1.an23                     os      
dbus-broker.x86_64                                       32-4.an23                           os      
dbus-c++.x86_64                                          0.9.0-1.an23                        os      
dbus-c++-devel.x86_64                                    0.9.0-1.an23                        os      
dbus-c++-doc.noarch                                      0.9.0-1.an23                        os      
dbus-c++-glib.x86_64                                     0.9.0-1.an23                        os      
dbus-common.noarch                                       1:1.14.8-1.an23                     os      
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                       1:1.14.8-1.an23                     os      
dbus-devel.x86_64                                        1:1.14.8-1.an23                     os      
dbus-doc.noarch                                          1:1.14.8-1.an23                     os      
dbus-glib.x86_64                                         0.112-2.an23                        os      
dbus-glib-devel.x86_64                                   0.112-2.an23                        os      
dbus-libs.x86_64                                         1:1.14.8-1.an23                     os      
dbus-python-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.2-2.an23                        os      
dbus-tests.x86_64                                        1:1.14.8-1.an23                     os      
dbus-tools.x86_64                                        1:1.14.8-1.an23                     os      
dbus-x11.x86_64                                          1:1.14.8-1.an23                     os      
dbxtool.x86_64                                           8-6.an23                            os      
dconf.x86_64                                             0.40.0-3.an23                       os      
dconf-devel.x86_64                                       0.40.0-3.an23                       os      
debugedit.x86_64                                         5.0-5.an23                          os      
dejagnu.noarch                                           1:1.6.1-1.an23                      os      
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                                 2.37-1.an23                         os      
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                            2.37-1.an23                         os      
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                                2.37-1.an23                         os      
devhelp.x86_64                                           1:43.0-1.an23                       os      
devhelp-libs.x86_64                                      1:43.0-1.an23                       os      
device-mapper.x86_64                                     1:1.02.195-1.an23                   os      
device-mapper-devel.x86_64                               1:1.02.195-1.an23                   os      
device-mapper-event.x86_64                               1:1.02.195-1.an23                   os      
device-mapper-event-devel.x86_64                         1:1.02.195-1.an23                   os      
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                          1:1.02.195-1.an23                   os      
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                                1:1.02.195-1.an23                   os      
device-mapper-multipath.x86_64                           0.9.4-1.an23                        os      
device-mapper-multipath-devel.x86_64                     0.9.4-1.an23                        os      
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                      0.9.4-1.an23                        os      
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                     1.0.3-1.an23                        os      
devscripts.x86_64                                        2.23.3-1.an23                       os      
devscripts-checkbashisms.x86_64                          2.23.3-1.an23                       os      
devscripts-doc.noarch                                    2.23.3-1.an23                       os      
dhcp-client.x86_64                                       12:4.4.3-5.P1.an23                  os      
dhcp-common.noarch                                       12:4.4.3-5.P1.an23                  os      
dhcp-devel.x86_64                                        12:4.4.3-5.P1.an23                  os      
dhcp-libs-static.x86_64                                  12:4.4.3-5.P1.an23                  os      
dhcp-relay.x86_64                                        12:4.4.3-5.P1.an23                  os      
dhcp-server.x86_64                                       12:4.4.3-5.P1.an23                  os      
diffstat.x86_64                                          1.65-1.an23                         os      
diffstat-doc.noarch                                      1.65-1.an23                         os      
diffutils.x86_64                                         3.10-1.an23                         os      
dirsplit.x86_64                                          1.1.11-1.an23                       os      
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                             1.86-1.an23                         os      
distribution-gpg-keys-copr.noarch                        1.86-1.an23                         os      
distribution-gpg-keys-doc.noarch                         1.86-1.an23                         os      
djvulibre.x86_64                                         3.5.28-1.an23                       os      
djvulibre-devel.x86_64                                   3.5.28-1.an23                       os      
djvulibre-doc.noarch                                     3.5.28-1.an23                       os      
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                    3.5.28-1.an23                       os      
dkms.noarch                                              3.0.11-1.an23                       os      
dmidecode.x86_64                                         3.5-2.an23                          updates 
dmidecode-doc.noarch                                     3.5-2.an23                          updates 
dml.x86_64                                               0.1.9~beta-3.an23                   os      
dml-devel.x86_64                                         0.1.9~beta-3.an23                   os      
dmraid.x86_64                                            1.0.0.rc16-5.an23                   os      
dmraid-devel.x86_64                                      1.0.0.rc16-5.an23                   os      
dmraid-events.x86_64                                     1.0.0.rc16-5.an23                   os      
dmraid-events-logwatch.x86_64                            1.0.0.rc16-5.an23                   os      
dmraid-libs.x86_64                                       1.0.0.rc16-5.an23                   os      
dnf-automatic.noarch                                     4.16.2-1.an23                       updates 
dnf-doc.noarch                                           4.16.2-1.an23                       updates 
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                                  4.3.1-1.an23                        os      
dnsmasq.x86_64                                           2.89-1.an23                         updates 
dnsmasq-doc.noarch                                       2.89-1.an23                         updates 
dnsmasq-langpack.noarch                                  2.89-1.an23                         updates 
dnsmasq-utils.x86_64                                     2.89-1.an23                         updates 
docbook-dtds.noarch                                      1.0-71.an23                         os      
docbook-style-dsssl.noarch                               1.79-35.an23                        os      
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                                 1.79.2-2.an23                       os      
docbook-utils.noarch                                     0.6.14-4.an23                       os      
docbook-utils-pdf.noarch                                 0.6.14-4.an23                       os      
docbook2X.x86_64                                         0.8.8-1.an23                        os      
docbook2X-doc.noarch                                     0.8.8-1.an23                        os      
docbook5-style-xsl.noarch                                1:1.79.2-3.an23                     os      
docker.x86_64                                            20.10.25-1.an23                     os      
docker-client.x86_64                                     20.10.25-1.an23                     os      
docker-engine.x86_64                                     20.10.25-1.an23                     os      
dos2unix.x86_64                                          7.5.0-1.an23                        os      
dotconf.x86_64                                           1.3-19.an23                         updates 
dotconf-devel.x86_64                                     1.3-19.an23                         updates 
dotconf-doc.noarch                                       1.3-19.an23                         updates 
double-conversion.x86_64                                 3.1.5-1.an23                        os      
double-conversion-devel.x86_64                           3.1.5-1.an23                        os      
doxygen.x86_64                                           1:1.9.6-3.an23                      os      
doxygen-doxywizard.x86_64                                1:1.9.6-3.an23                      os      
doxygen-latex.x86_64                                     1:1.9.6-3.an23                      os      
doxygen2man.x86_64                                       2.0.8-1.an23                        updates 
dpkg.x86_64                                              1.21.20-1.an23                      os      
dpkg-dev.noarch                                          1.21.20-1.an23                      os      
dpkg-devel.x86_64                                        1.21.20-1.an23                      os      
dpkg-doc.noarch                                          1.21.20-1.an23                      os      
dpkg-perl.noarch                                         1.21.20-1.an23                      os      
dracut.x86_64                                            057-1.an23                          os      
dracut-caps.x86_64                                       057-1.an23                          os      
dracut-config-generic.x86_64                             057-1.an23                          os      
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                              057-1.an23                          os      
dracut-live.x86_64                                       057-1.an23                          os      
dracut-network.x86_64                                    057-1.an23                          os      
dracut-squash.x86_64                                     057-1.an23                          os      
dracut-tools.x86_64                                      057-1.an23                          os      
drm-utils.x86_64                                         2.4.115-2.an23                      os      
drpm.x86_64                                              0.5.1-3.an23                        os      
drpm-devel.x86_64                                        0.5.1-3.an23                        os      
dselect.x86_64                                           1.21.20-1.an23                      os      
dtc.x86_64                                               1.6.1-3.an23                        os      
duktape.x86_64                                           2.7.0-2.an23                        os      
duktape-devel.x86_64                                     2.7.0-2.an23                        os      
dump.x86_64                                              1:0.4-2.an23                        os      
dwarves.x86_64                                           1.24-2.an23                         os      
dwarves-doc.noarch                                       1.24-2.an23                         os      
dyninst.x86_64                                           12.3.0-2.an23                       os      
dyninst-devel.x86_64                                     12.3.0-2.an23                       os      
dyninst-doc.x86_64                                       12.3.0-2.an23                       os      
dyninst-testsuite.x86_64                                 12.3.0-2.an23                       os      
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                         1.47.0-1.an23                       updates 
e2fsprogs-devel.x86_64                                   1.47.0-1.an23                       updates 
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                    1.47.0-1.an23                       updates 
e2fsprogs-static.x86_64                                  1.47.0-1.an23                       updates 
e2scrub.x86_64                                           1.47.0-1.an23                       updates 
easymock.noarch                                          4.3-1.an23                          os      
easymock-javadoc.noarch                                  4.3-1.an23                          os      
ecj.noarch                                               1:4.23-1.an23                       os      
ed.x86_64                                                1.19-2.an23                         os      
edk2-aarch64.noarch                                      202302-4.an23                       updates 
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                         202302-4.an23                       updates 
edk2-tools.x86_64                                        202302-4.an23                       updates 
edk2-tools-doc.noarch                                    202302-4.an23                       updates 
efi-filesystem.noarch                                    5-4.an23                            os      
efibootmgr.x86_64                                        18-1.an23                           os      
efivar.x86_64                                            38-3.an23                           os      
efivar-devel.x86_64                                      38-3.an23                           os      
efivar-libs.x86_64                                       38-3.an23                           os      
egl-utils.x86_64                                         9.0.0-1.an23                        os      
egl-wayland.x86_64                                       1.1.11-1.an23                       os      
egl-wayland-devel.x86_64                                 1.1.11-1.an23                       os      
egl-wayland-doc.noarch                                   1.1.11-1.an23                       os      
eglexternalplatform-devel.noarch                         1.1-1.an23                          os      
eglexternalplatform-doc.noarch                           1.1-1.an23                          os      
eigen3-devel.noarch                                      3.4.0-1.an23                        os      
eigen3-doc.noarch                                        3.4.0-1.an23                        os      
elfutils-debuginfod.x86_64                               0.190-1.an23                        updates 
elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.x86_64                  0.190-1.an23                        updates 
elfutils-devel.x86_64                                    0.190-1.an23                        updates 
elfutils-devel-static.x86_64                             0.190-1.an23                        updates 
elfutils-doc.noarch                                      0.190-1.an23                        updates 
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                             0.190-1.an23                        updates 
elfutils-libelf-devel-static.x86_64                      0.190-1.an23                        updates 
elinks.x86_64                                            0.16.1.1-1.an23                     os      
emacs.x86_64                                             1:29.1-1.an23                       updates 
emacs-common.x86_64                                      1:29.1-1.an23                       updates 
emacs-cython-mode.noarch                                 0.29.32-2.an23                      os      
emacs-devel.x86_64                                       1:29.1-1.an23                       updates 
emacs-doc.noarch                                         1:29.1-1.an23                       updates 
emacs-gettext.noarch                                     0.21.1-4.an23                       os      
emacs-lucid.x86_64                                       1:29.1-1.an23                       updates 
emacs-nox.x86_64                                         1:29.1-1.an23                       updates 
emacs-terminal.noarch                                    1:29.1-1.an23                       updates 
enchant2.x86_64                                          2.5.0-2.an23                        updates 
enchant2-aspell.x86_64                                   2.5.0-2.an23                        updates 
enchant2-devel.x86_64                                    2.5.0-2.an23                        updates 
enchant2-doc.noarch                                      2.5.0-2.an23                        updates 
enchant2-voikko.x86_64                                   2.5.0-2.an23                        updates 
environment-modules.x86_64                               5.2.0-1.an23                        os      
environment-modules-doc.noarch                           5.2.0-1.an23                        os      
envoy.x86_64                                             1.26.2-2.an23                       updates 
eog.x86_64                                               44.1-1.an23                         os      
eog-devel.x86_64                                         44.1-1.an23                         os      
eog-doc.noarch                                           44.1-1.an23                         os      
erofs-fuse.x86_64                                        1.7.1-1.an23                        updates 
erofs-utils.x86_64                                       1.7.1-1.an23                        updates 
erofs-utils-doc.noarch                                   1.7.1-1.an23                        updates 
esmtp.x86_64                                             1.2-1.an23                          os      
esmtp-doc.noarch                                         1.2-1.an23                          os      
esmtp-local-delivery.x86_64                              1.2-1.an23                          os      
ethtool.x86_64                                           2:6.3-1.an23                        os      
evince.x86_64                                            44.1-1.an23                         os      
evince-devel.x86_64                                      44.1-1.an23                         os      
evince-djvu.x86_64                                       44.1-1.an23                         os      
evince-doc.noarch                                        44.1-1.an23                         os      
evince-dvi.x86_64                                        44.1-1.an23                         os      
evince-libs.x86_64                                       44.1-1.an23                         os      
evince-previewer.x86_64                                  44.1-1.an23                         os      
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                                44.1-1.an23                         os      
evolution-data-server.x86_64                             3.48.1-1.an23                       os      
evolution-data-server-devel.x86_64                       3.48.1-1.an23                       os      
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch                   3.48.1-1.an23                       os      
exchange-bmc-os-info.noarch                              1.8.18-3.an23                       os      
exec-maven-plugin.noarch                                 3.1.0-1.an23                        os      
exec-maven-plugin-javadoc.noarch                         3.1.0-1.an23                        os      
execstack.x86_64                                         0.5.0-16.an23                       os      
execstack-doc.noarch                                     0.5.0-16.an23                       os      
exempi.x86_64                                            2.6.3-1.an23                        os      
exempi-devel.x86_64                                      2.6.3-1.an23                        os      
exiv2.x86_64                                             0.27.6-1.an23                       os      
exiv2-devel.x86_64                                       0.27.6-1.an23                       os      
exiv2-doc.noarch                                         0.27.6-1.an23                       os      
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                        0.27.6-1.an23                       os      
expat-devel.x86_64                                       2.5.0-1.an23                        os      
expat-static.x86_64                                      2.5.0-1.an23                        os      
expect-devel.x86_64                                      5.45.4-2.an23                       os      
expectk.x86_64                                           5.45.4-2.an23                       os      
fakeroot.x86_64                                          1.32.1-1.an23                       updates 
fakeroot-doc.noarch                                      1.32.1-1.an23                       updates 
fakeroot-libs.x86_64                                     1.32.1-1.an23                       updates 
fcoe-utils.x86_64                                        1.0.34-3.an23                       os      
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                      2.0.2-3.an23                        os      
fdk-aac-free-devel.x86_64                                2.0.2-3.an23                        os      
fdupes.x86_64                                            1:2.2.1-1.an23                      os      
fdupes-doc.noarch                                        1:2.2.1-1.an23                      os      
felix-utils.noarch                                       1.11.8-1.an23                       os      
felix-utils-javadoc.noarch                               1.11.8-1.an23                       os      
ffado.x86_64                                             2.4.7-1.an23                        os      
fftw.x86_64                                              3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-devel.x86_64                                        3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-doc.noarch                                          3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-libs.x86_64                                         3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                                  3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-libs-long.x86_64                                    3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-libs-quad.x86_64                                    3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-libs-single.x86_64                                  3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-mpich-devel.x86_64                                  3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-mpich-libs.x86_64                                   3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-mpich-libs-double.x86_64                            3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-mpich-libs-long.x86_64                              3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-mpich-libs-single.x86_64                            3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-mpich-static.x86_64                                 3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-openmpi-libs.x86_64                                 3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-openmpi-libs-double.x86_64                          3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-openmpi-libs-long.x86_64                            3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-openmpi-libs-single.x86_64                          3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-openmpi-static.x86_64                               3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fftw-static.x86_64                                       3.3.10-3.an23                       updates 
fido2-tools.x86_64                                       1.13.0-2.an23                       os      
file-devel.x86_64                                        5.44-2.an23                         os      
file-roller.x86_64                                       43.0-1.an23                         os      
file-roller-doc.noarch                                   43.0-1.an23                         os      
file-roller-nautilus.x86_64                              43.0-1.an23                         os      
file-static.x86_64                                       5.44-2.an23                         os      
filesystem-content.x86_64                                3.16-1.an23                         os      
fio.x86_64                                               3.34-1.an23                         os      
fio-engine-libaio.x86_64                                 3.34-1.an23                         os      
firefox.x86_64                                           115.4.0-1.an23                      updates 
firefox-langpacks.x86_64                                 115.4.0-1.an23                      updates 
firefox-wayland.x86_64                                   115.4.0-1.an23                      updates 
firefox-x11.x86_64                                       115.4.0-1.an23                      updates 
firewall-applet.noarch                                   1.2.5-1.an23                        os      
firewall-config.noarch                                   1.2.5-1.an23                        os      
firewalld.noarch                                         1.2.5-1.an23                        os      
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                              1.2.5-1.an23                        os      
firewalld-test.noarch                                    1.2.5-1.an23                        os      
fish.x86_64                                              3.6.0-2.an23                        os      
fish-doc.noarch                                          3.6.0-2.an23                        os      
flac.x86_64                                              1.4.2-1.an23                        os      
flac-devel.x86_64                                        1.4.2-1.an23                        os      
flac-libs.x86_64                                         1.4.2-1.an23                        os      
flashrom.x86_64                                          1.3.0-1.an23                        os      
flashrom-devel.x86_64                                    1.3.0-1.an23                        os      
flatpak.x86_64                                           1.15.4-1.an23                       os      
flatpak-devel.x86_64                                     1.15.4-1.an23                       os      
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                      1.15.4-1.an23                       os      
flatpak-selinux.noarch                                   1.15.4-1.an23                       os      
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                            1.15.4-1.an23                       os      
flatpak-tests.x86_64                                     1.15.4-1.an23                       os      
flex.x86_64                                              2.6.4-11.an23                       os      
flex-doc.noarch                                          2.6.4-11.an23                       os      
flexiblas.x86_64                                         3.3.0-2.an23                        os      
flexiblas-devel.x86_64                                   3.3.0-2.an23                        os      
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                                  3.3.0-2.an23                        os      
flexiblas-netlib64.x86_64                                3.3.0-2.an23                        os      
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                         3.3.0-2.an23                        os      
flexiblas-openblas-openmp64.x86_64                       3.3.0-2.an23                        os      
fltk.x86_64                                              1.3.8-2.an23                        os      
fltk-devel.x86_64                                        1.3.8-2.an23                        os      
fltk-fluid.x86_64                                        1.3.8-2.an23                        os      
fmt.x86_64                                               8.1.1-1.an23                        os      
fmt-devel.x86_64                                         8.1.1-1.an23                        os      
fmt-doc.noarch                                           8.1.1-1.an23                        os      
fontawesome-6-brands-fonts.noarch                        1:6.4.0-1.an23                      os      
fontawesome-6-free-fonts.noarch                          1:6.4.0-1.an23                      os      
fontawesome-fonts-all.noarch                             1:6.4.0-1.an23                      os      
fontawesome-fonts-doc.noarch                             1:6.4.0-1.an23                      os      
fontawesome-fonts-web.noarch                             1:6.4.0-1.an23                      os      
fontawesome4-fonts.noarch                                1:4.7.0-1.an23                      os      
fontconfig.x86_64                                        2.14.1-1.an23                       os      
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                                  2.14.1-1.an23                       os      
fontconfig-devel-doc.noarch                              2.14.1-1.an23                       os      
fontforge.x86_64                                         20230101-1.an23                     os      
fonts-rpm-macros.noarch                                  1:4.0.2-4.an23                      os      
fonts-rpm-templates.noarch                               1:4.0.2-4.an23                      os      
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                                 1:4.0.2-4.an23                      os      
fonttools.x86_64                                         4.39.2-1.an23                       os      
fonttools-doc.noarch                                     4.39.2-1.an23                       os      
fonttosfnt.x86_64                                        1.2.2-1.an23                        os      
fpaste.noarch                                            0.4.3.0-1.an23                      os      
fpaste-doc.noarch                                        0.4.3.0-1.an23                      os      
fprintd.x86_64                                           1.94.2-1.an23                       os      
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                       1.94.2-1.an23                       os      
freeglut.x86_64                                          3.4.0-1.an23                        os      
freeglut-devel.x86_64                                    3.4.0-1.an23                        os      
freetype.x86_64                                          2.13.0-1.an23                       os      
freetype-demos.x86_64                                    2.13.0-1.an23                       os      
freetype-devel.x86_64                                    2.13.0-1.an23                       os      
fribidi.x86_64                                           1.0.12-2.an23                       os      
fribidi-devel.x86_64                                     1.0.12-2.an23                       os      
fscryptctl.x86_64                                        1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
fstrm.x86_64                                             0.6.1-4.an23                        os      
fstrm-devel.x86_64                                       0.6.1-4.an23                        os      
fstrm-doc.noarch                                         0.6.1-4.an23                        os      
fstrm-utils.x86_64                                       0.6.1-4.an23                        os      
ftp.x86_64                                               0.17-2.an23                         os      
fuse.x86_64                                              3.14.1-1.an23                       os      
fuse-common.x86_64                                       3.14.1-1.an23                       os      
fuse-devel.x86_64                                        3.14.1-1.an23                       os      
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                    1.11-1.an23                         os      
fuse-overlayfs-doc.noarch                                1.11-1.an23                         os      
fuse2.x86_64                                             2.9.9-1.an23                        os      
fuse2-devel.x86_64                                       2.9.9-1.an23                        os      
fuse2-libs.x86_64                                        2.9.9-1.an23                        os      
fusesource-pom.noarch                                    1.12-1.an23                         os      
future-doc.noarch                                        0.18.3-1.an23                       os      
fwupd.x86_64                                             1.9.1-1.an23                        os      
fwupd-devel.x86_64                                       1.9.1-1.an23                        os      
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                             1.9.1-1.an23                        os      
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                        1.9.1-1.an23                        os      
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                    1.9.1-1.an23                        os      
fwupd-tests.x86_64                                       1.9.1-1.an23                        os      
galera.x86_64                                            26.4.13-1.an23                      os      
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                                5.2.2-1.an23                        os      
gawk-devel.x86_64                                        5.2.2-1.an23                        os      
gawk-doc.noarch                                          5.2.2-1.an23                        os      
gc.x86_64                                                8.2.2-2.an23                        os      
gc-devel.x86_64                                          8.2.2-2.an23                        os      
gcab.x86_64                                              1.5-2.an23                          os      
gcc-doc.noarch                                           12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                                    12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                      12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
gcc-offload-nvptx.x86_64                                 12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                                12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
gcc-plugin-devel.x86_64                                  12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
gcc-python-plugin.x86_64                                 0.17.1-1.an23                       updates 
gcr.x86_64                                               3.92.0-1.an23                       os      
gcr-devel.x86_64                                         3.92.0-1.an23                       os      
gcr-libs.x86_64                                          3.92.0-1.an23                       os      
gcr3.x86_64                                              3.41.1-1.an23                       os      
gcr3-base.x86_64                                         3.41.1-1.an23                       os      
gcr3-devel.x86_64                                        3.41.1-1.an23                       os      
gd.x86_64                                                2.3.3-6.an23                        os      
gd-devel.x86_64                                          2.3.3-6.an23                        os      
gd-progs.x86_64                                          2.3.3-6.an23                        os      
gdb.x86_64                                               13.2-1.an23                         updates 
gdb-doc.noarch                                           13.2-1.an23                         updates 
gdb-gdbserver.x86_64                                     13.2-1.an23                         updates 
gdb-headless.x86_64                                      13.2-1.an23                         updates 
gdbm.x86_64                                              1:1.23-3.an23                       os      
gdbm-devel.x86_64                                        1:1.23-3.an23                       os      
gdisk.x86_64                                             1.0.9-1.an23                        os      
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                       2.42.10-2.an23                      os      
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.x86_64                                 2.42.10-2.an23                      os      
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                               2.42.10-2.an23                      os      
gdk-pixbuf2-tests.x86_64                                 2.42.10-2.an23                      os      
gdm.x86_64                                               1:44.1-2.an23                       os      
gdm-pam-extensions-devel.x86_64                          1:44.1-2.an23                       os      
gedit.x86_64                                             2:44.2-1.an23                       os      
gedit-devel.x86_64                                       2:44.2-1.an23                       os      
gedit-doc.noarch                                         2:44.2-1.an23                       os      
genisoimage.x86_64                                       1.1.11-1.an23                       os      
geoclue2.x86_64                                          2.7.0-2.an23                        os      
geoclue2-demos.x86_64                                    2.7.0-2.an23                        os      
geoclue2-devel.x86_64                                    2.7.0-2.an23                        os      
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                     2.7.0-2.an23                        os      
geocode-glib.x86_64                                      3.26.4-3.an23                       os      
geocode-glib-data.x86_64                                 3.26.4-3.an23                       os      
geocode-glib-devel.x86_64                                3.26.4-3.an23                       os      
geocode-glib2.x86_64                                     3.26.4-3.an23                       os      
geocode-glib2-devel.x86_64                               3.26.4-3.an23                       os      
geolite2-asn.noarch                                      20191217-3.an23                     os      
geolite2-city.noarch                                     20191217-3.an23                     os      
geolite2-country.noarch                                  20191217-3.an23                     os      
gettext.x86_64                                           0.21.1-4.an23                       os      
gettext-common-devel.noarch                              0.21.1-4.an23                       os      
gettext-devel.x86_64                                     0.21.1-4.an23                       os      
gettext-envsubst.x86_64                                  0.21.1-4.an23                       os      
gettext-libs.x86_64                                      0.21.1-4.an23                       os      
gettext-runtime.x86_64                                   0.21.1-4.an23                       os      
gflags.x86_64                                            2.2.2-1.an23                        os      
gflags-devel.x86_64                                      2.2.2-1.an23                        os      
ghostscript.x86_64                                       10.01.2-2.an23                      updates 
ghostscript-doc.noarch                                   10.01.2-2.an23                      updates 
ghostscript-gtk.x86_64                                   10.01.2-2.an23                      updates 
ghostscript-tools-dvipdf.x86_64                          10.01.2-2.an23                      updates 
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                           10.01.2-2.an23                      updates 
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                        10.01.2-2.an23                      updates 
ghostscript-x11.x86_64                                   10.01.2-2.an23                      updates 
gi-docgen.noarch                                         2023.1-2.an23                       os      
gi-docgen-doc.noarch                                     2023.1-2.an23                       os      
giflib.x86_64                                            5.2.1-4.an23                        updates 
giflib-devel.x86_64                                      5.2.1-4.an23                        updates 
giflib-utils.x86_64                                      5.2.1-4.an23                        updates 
git-all.noarch                                           2.41.0-1.an23                       updates 
git-clang-format.x86_64                                  16.0.6-2.an23                       updates 
git-credential-libsecret.x86_64                          2.41.0-1.an23                       updates 
git-daemon.x86_64                                        2.41.0-1.an23                       updates 
git-email.noarch                                         2.41.0-1.an23                       updates 
git-gui.noarch                                           2.41.0-1.an23                       updates 
git-instaweb.noarch                                      2.41.0-1.an23                       updates 
git-lfs.x86_64                                           3.4.0-1.an23                        updates 
git-lfs-doc.noarch                                       3.4.0-1.an23                        updates 
git-p4.noarch                                            2.41.0-1.an23                       updates 
git-subtree.noarch                                       2.41.0-1.an23                       updates 
git-svn.noarch                                           2.41.0-1.an23                       updates 
gitk.noarch                                              2.41.0-1.an23                       updates 
gitweb.noarch                                            2.41.0-1.an23                       updates 
gjs.x86_64                                               1.76.0-1.an23                       os      
gjs-devel.x86_64                                         1.76.0-1.an23                       os      
gl-manpages.noarch                                       1:1.1-2.20190306.an23               os      
glade.x86_64                                             3.40.0-1.an23                       os      
glade-devel.x86_64                                       3.40.0-1.an23                       os      
glade-libs.x86_64                                        3.40.0-1.an23                       os      
glib-networking.x86_64                                   2.74.0-3.an23                       os      
glib-networking-tests.x86_64                             2.74.0-3.an23                       os      
glib2-devel.x86_64                                       2.76.4-1.an23                       updates 
glib2-doc.noarch                                         2.76.4-1.an23                       updates 
glib2-static.x86_64                                      2.76.4-1.an23                       updates 
glib2-tests.x86_64                                       2.76.4-1.an23                       updates 
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                               2.36-10.an23                        updates 
glibc-benchtests.x86_64                                  2.36-10.an23                        updates 
glibc-doc.noarch                                         2.36-10.an23                        updates 
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                                 2.36-10.an23                        updates 
glibc-langpack-zh.x86_64                                 2.36-10.an23                        updates 
glibc-locale-source.x86_64                               2.36-10.an23                        updates 
glibc-nss-devel.x86_64                                   2.36-10.an23                        updates 
glibc-static.x86_64                                      2.36-10.an23                        updates 
glibc-utils.x86_64                                       2.36-10.an23                        updates 
glibmm24.x86_64                                          2.66.6-1.an23                       os      
glibmm24-devel.x86_64                                    2.66.6-1.an23                       os      
glibmm24-doc.noarch                                      2.66.6-1.an23                       os      
glslang.x86_64                                           12.0.0-2.an23                       os      
glslang-devel.x86_64                                     12.0.0-2.an23                       os      
glslang-doc.noarch                                       12.0.0-2.an23                       os      
glslc.x86_64                                             2023.1-1.an23                       os      
glslc-doc.noarch                                         2023.1-1.an23                       os      
glusterfs.x86_64                                         11.0-1.an23                         os      
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                     11.0-1.an23                         os      
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                          11.0-1.an23                         os      
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                    11.0-1.an23                         os      
glusterfs-server.x86_64                                  11.0-1.an23                         os      
glx-utils.x86_64                                         9.0.0-1.an23                        os      
glyphicons-halflings-fonts.noarch                        3.1.0-20140211git728067b.1.an23     os      
gmock.x86_64                                             1.13.0-1.an23                       os      
gmock.x86_64                                             1.13.0-1.an23                       updates 
gmock-devel.x86_64                                       1.13.0-1.an23                       os      
gmock-devel.x86_64                                       1.13.0-1.an23                       updates 
gmp-c++.x86_64                                           1:6.3.0-1.an23                      updates 
gmp-devel.x86_64                                         1:6.3.0-1.an23                      updates 
gmp-doc.noarch                                           1:6.3.0-1.an23                      updates 
gmp-static.x86_64                                        1:6.3.0-1.an23                      updates 
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                      0.4.4-1.an23                        os      
gnome-autoar-devel.x86_64                                0.4.4-1.an23                        os      
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                                   1:42.6-1.an23                       updates 
gnome-bluetooth-doc.noarch                               1:42.6-1.an23                       updates 
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                              1:42.6-1.an23                       updates 
gnome-bluetooth-libs-devel.x86_64                        1:42.6-1.an23                       updates 
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                       44.1-1.an23                         os      
gnome-boxes-doc.noarch                                   44.1-1.an23                         os      
gnome-calculator.x86_64                                  44.0-1.an23                         os      
gnome-calculator-devel.x86_64                            44.0-1.an23                         os      
gnome-characters.x86_64                                  42.0-1.an23                         os      
gnome-common.noarch                                      3.18.0-1.an23                       os      
gnome-common-doc.noarch                                  3.18.0-1.an23                       os      
gnome-control-center.x86_64                              44.1-1.an23                         os      
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch                   44.1-1.an23                         os      
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                    44.0-1.an23                         os      
gnome-desktop3-devel.x86_64                              44.0-1.an23                         os      
gnome-desktop3-tests.x86_64                              44.0-1.an23                         os      
gnome-desktop4.x86_64                                    44.0-1.an23                         os      
gnome-desktop4-devel.x86_64                              44.0-1.an23                         os      
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                                44.0-1.an23                         os      
gnome-doc-utils.noarch                                   0.20.10-1.an23                      updates 
gnome-doc-utils-doc.noarch                               0.20.10-1.an23                      updates 
gnome-doc-utils-stylesheets.noarch                       0.20.10-1.an23                      updates 
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                                 44.0-1.an23                         os      
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                     42.1-1.an23                         os      
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                                 42.1-1.an23                         os      
gnome-kiosk.x86_64                                       44.0-2.an23                         os      
gnome-kiosk-script-session.noarch                        44.0-2.an23                         os      
gnome-logs.x86_64                                        43.0-1.an23                         os      
gnome-menus.x86_64                                       3.36.0-1.an23                       os      
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                             3.48.0-1.an23                       os      
gnome-online-accounts-devel.x86_64                       3.48.0-1.an23                       os      
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                              44.1-1.an23                         os      
gnome-remote-desktop-doc.noarch                          44.1-1.an23                         os      
gnome-session.x86_64                                     44.0-1.an23                         os      
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                     44.0-1.an23                         os      
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                            44.0-1.an23                         os      
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                             44.1-2.an23                         updates 
gnome-settings-daemon-devel.x86_64                       44.1-2.an23                         updates 
gnome-settings-daemon-doc.noarch                         44.1-2.an23                         updates 
gnome-shell.x86_64                                       44.1-1.an23                         os      
gnome-software.x86_64                                    44.1-1.an23                         os      
gnome-software-devel.x86_64                              44.1-1.an23                         os      
gnome-software-rpm-ostree.x86_64                         44.1-1.an23                         os      
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                              44.0-1.an23                         os      
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                    3.48.0-1.an23                       os      
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                           3.48.0-1.an23                       os      
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                                3.28-1.an23                         os      
gnome-themes-extra-doc.noarch                            3.28-1.an23                         os      
gnome-user-docs.noarch                                   44.1-1.an23                         os      
gnome-user-docs-doc.noarch                               44.1-1.an23                         os      
gnu-efi.x86_64                                           1:3.0.15-1.an23                     os      
gnu-efi-devel.x86_64                                     1:3.0.15-1.an23                     os      
gnu-efi-doc.noarch                                       1:3.0.15-1.an23                     os      
gnu-efi-utils.x86_64                                     1:3.0.15-1.an23                     os      
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                      2.4.3-1.an23                        updates 
gnutls-c++.x86_64                                        3.8.0-1.an23                        os      
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                       3.8.0-1.an23                        os      
gnutls-devel.x86_64                                      3.8.0-1.an23                        os      
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                      3.8.0-1.an23                        os      
go-bindata.x86_64                                        3.1.3-1.an23                        os      
go-bindata-doc.noarch                                    3.1.3-1.an23                        os      
go-compilers-golang-compiler.x86_64                      1-1.an23                            os      
go-filesystem.x86_64                                     3.0.15-2.an23                       os      
go-rpm-macros.x86_64                                     3.0.15-2.an23                       os      
go-rpm-templates.noarch                                  3.0.15-2.an23                       os      
gobject-introspection.x86_64                             1.76.1-1.an23                       os      
gobject-introspection-devel.x86_64                       1.76.1-1.an23                       os      
golang.x86_64                                            1.20.10-1.an23                      updates 
golang-bin.x86_64                                        1.20.10-1.an23                      updates 
golang-docs.noarch                                       1.20.10-1.an23                      updates 
golang-github-cpuguy83-md2man.x86_64                     2.0.2-1.an23                        os      
golang-github-cpuguy83-md2man-doc.noarch                 2.0.2-1.an23                        os      
golang-github-prometheus.x86_64                          2.32.1-1.an23                       os      
golang-github-prometheus-node-exporter.x86_64            1.3.1-1.an23                        os      
golang-misc.noarch                                       1.20.10-1.an23                      updates 
golang-shared.x86_64                                     1.20.10-1.an23                      updates 
golang-src.noarch                                        1.20.10-1.an23                      updates 
golang-tests.noarch                                      1.20.10-1.an23                      updates 
golist.x86_64                                            0.10.1-1.an23                       os      
google-benchmark.x86_64                                  1.7.1-1.an23                        os      
google-benchmark-devel.x86_64                            1.7.1-1.an23                        os      
google-benchmark-doc.noarch                              1.7.1-1.an23                        os      
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                           20230321-1.an23                     os      
google-guice.noarch                                      4.2.3-1.an23                        os      
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                      20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-cjk-fonts-doc.noarch                         20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-kufi-arabic-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-kufi-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-music-fonts.noarch                           20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-naskh-arabic-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-naskh-arabic-ui-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-naskh-arabic-ui-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-nastaliq-urdu-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-rashi-hebrew-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-rashi-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-adlam-fonts.noarch                      20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-adlam-unjoined-fonts.noarch             20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-adlam-unjoined-vf-fonts.noarch          20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-adlam-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-anatolian-hieroglyphs-fonts.noarch      20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-anatolian-hieroglyphs-vf-fonts.noarch   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-arabic-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-arabic-ui-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-arabic-ui-vf-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-armenian-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-avestan-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-avestan-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-balinese-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-balinese-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-bamum-fonts.noarch                      20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-bamum-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-bassa-vah-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-bassa-vah-vf-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-batak-fonts.noarch                      20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-bengali-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-bengali-ui-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-bengali-ui-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-bhaiksuki-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-brahmi-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-buginese-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-buginese-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-buhid-fonts.noarch                      20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-buhid-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-fonts.noarch        20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-carian-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-carian-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-caucasian-albanian-fonts.noarch         20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-chakma-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-cham-fonts.noarch                       20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-cham-vf-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-cherokee-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-cjk-hk-fonts.noarch                     20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-cjk-jp-fonts.noarch                     20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-cjk-kr-fonts.noarch                     20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-cjk-sc-fonts.noarch                     20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-cjk-tc-fonts.noarch                     20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                    20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-coptic-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-cuneiform-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-cuneiform-vf-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-cypriot-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-cypriot-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-deseret-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-deseret-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-devanagari-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-devanagari-ui-fonts.noarch              20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-devanagari-ui-vf-fonts.noarch           20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-display-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-display-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-duployan-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-egyptian-hieroglyphs-fonts.noarch       20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-egyptian-hieroglyphs-vf-fonts.noarch    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-elbasan-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-elymaic-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-elymaic-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-fonts.noarch                            20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-georgian-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-glagolitic-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-gothic-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-gothic-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-grantha-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-gujarati-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-gujarati-ui-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-gunjala-gondi-fonts.noarch              20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-ui-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-ui-vf-fonts.noarch             20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-hanifi-rohingya-fonts.noarch            20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-hanifi-rohingya-vf-fonts.noarch         20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-hanunoo-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-hatran-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-hatran-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-hebrew-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-hk-fonts.noarch                         20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-imperial-aramaic-fonts.noarch           20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-imperial-aramaic-vf-fonts.noarch        20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-indic-siyaq-numbers-fonts.noarch        20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-inscriptional-pahlavi-fonts.noarch      20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-inscriptional-parthian-fonts.noarch     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-javanese-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-jp-fonts.noarch                         20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-kaithi-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-kannada-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-kannada-ui-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-kannada-ui-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-kayah-li-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-kayah-li-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-kharoshthi-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-khmer-fonts.noarch                      20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-khmer-ui-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-khmer-ui-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-khojki-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-khudawadi-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-kr-fonts.noarch                         20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-lao-fonts.noarch                        20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-lao-looped-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-lao-looped-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-lao-ui-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-lao-ui-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-lepcha-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-limbu-fonts.noarch                      20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-linear-a-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-linear-a-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-linear-b-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-linear-b-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-lisu-fonts.noarch                       20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-lisu-vf-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-lycian-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-lycian-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-lydian-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-lydian-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-mahajani-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-malayalam-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-malayalam-ui-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-malayalam-ui-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-malayalam-vf-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-mandaic-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-mandaic-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-manichaean-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-marchen-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-marchen-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-masaram-gondi-fonts.noarch              20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                       20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-math-vf-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-mayan-numerals-fonts.noarch             20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-mayan-numerals-vf-fonts.noarch          20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-medefaidrin-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-medefaidrin-vf-fonts.noarch             20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-meetei-mayek-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-meeteimayek-vf-fonts.noarch             20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-mende-kikakui-fonts.noarch              20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-meroitic-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-miao-fonts.noarch                       20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-modi-fonts.noarch                       20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-mongolian-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-hk-fonts.noarch                20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-jp-fonts.noarch                20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-kr-fonts.noarch                20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-sc-fonts.noarch                20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-tc-fonts.noarch                20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                       20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-mro-fonts.noarch                        20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-mro-vf-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-multani-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-multani-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-myanmar-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-myanmar-ui-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-myanmar-ui-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-myanmar-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-nabataean-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-nabataean-vf-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-new-tai-lue-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-new-tai-lue-vf-fonts.noarch             20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-newa-fonts.noarch                       20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-nko-fonts.noarch                        20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-nushu-fonts.noarch                      20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-ogham-fonts.noarch                      20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-ogham-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-ol-chiki-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-ol-chiki-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-old-hungarian-fonts.noarch              20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-old-italic-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-old-north-arabian-fonts.noarch          20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-old-permic-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-old-persian-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-old-sogdian-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-old-south-arabian-fonts.noarch          20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-old-turkic-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-oriya-fonts.noarch                      20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-oriya-ui-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-osage-fonts.noarch                      20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-osmanya-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-osmanya-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-pahawh-hmong-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-palmyrene-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-pau-cin-hau-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-phags-pa-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-phoenician-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-phoenician-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-psalter-pahlavi-fonts.noarch            20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-rejang-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-runic-fonts.noarch                      20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-runic-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-samaritan-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-saurashtra-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-sc-fonts.noarch                         20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-sharada-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-shavian-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-shavian-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-siddham-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-signwriting-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-sinhala-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-sinhala-ui-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-sinhala-ui-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-sogdian-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-sora-sompeng-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-sora-sompeng-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-soyombo-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-soyombo-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-sundanese-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-sundanese-vf-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-syloti-nagri-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-symbols-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-symbols-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-symbols2-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-syriac-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tagalog-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tagbanwa-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tagbanwa-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tai-le-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tai-tham-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tai-tham-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tai-viet-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-takri-fonts.noarch                      20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-takri-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tamil-fonts.noarch                      20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tamil-supplement-fonts.noarch           20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tamil-supplement-vf-fonts.noarch        20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tamil-ui-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tamil-ui-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tc-fonts.noarch                         20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-telugu-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-telugu-ui-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-telugu-ui-vf-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-thaana-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-thai-fonts.noarch                       20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-thai-looped-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-thai-looped-vf-fonts.noarch             20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-thai-ui-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-thai-ui-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-thai-vf-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tifinagh-adrar-fonts.noarch             20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tifinagh-agraw-imazighen-fonts.noarch   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tifinagh-ahaggar-fonts.noarch           20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tifinagh-air-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tifinagh-apt-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tifinagh-azawagh-fonts.noarch           20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tifinagh-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tifinagh-ghat-fonts.noarch              20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tifinagh-hawad-fonts.noarch             20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tifinagh-rhissa-ixa-fonts.noarch        20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tifinagh-sil-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tifinagh-tawellemmet-fonts.noarch       20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-tirhuta-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-ugaritic-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-ugaritic-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-vai-fonts.noarch                        20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-vai-vf-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-wancho-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-wancho-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-warang-citi-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-warang-citi-vf-fonts.noarch             20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-yi-fonts.noarch                         20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-yi-vf-fonts.noarch                      20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-zanabazar-square-fonts.noarch           20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-sans-zanabazar-square-vf-fonts.noarch        20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-ahom-fonts.noarch                      20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-armenian-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-balinese-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-bengali-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-cjk-hk-fonts.noarch                    20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-cjk-jp-fonts.noarch                    20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-cjk-kr-fonts.noarch                    20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-cjk-sc-fonts.noarch                    20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-cjk-tc-fonts.noarch                    20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                   20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-devanagari-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch             20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-display-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-display-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-dogra-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-ethiopic-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-fonts.noarch                           20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-georgian-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-grantha-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-gujarati-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-hebrew-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-hk-fonts.noarch                        20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-jp-fonts.noarch                        20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-kannada-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-khmer-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-khojki-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-khojki-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-kr-fonts.noarch                        20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-lao-fonts.noarch                       20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-malayalam-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-malayalam-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-myanmar-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-nyiakeng-puachue-hmong-fonts.noarch    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-nyiakeng-puachue-hmong-vf-fonts.noarch 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-sc-fonts.noarch                        20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-sinhala-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-tamil-fonts.noarch                     20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-tamil-slanted-fonts.noarch             20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-tamil-slanted-vf-fonts.noarch          20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-tangut-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-tangut-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-tc-fonts.noarch                        20220722-2.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-telugu-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-thai-fonts.noarch                      20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-thai-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-tibetan-fonts.noarch                   20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-tibetan-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                        20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-yezidi-fonts.noarch                    20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-serif-yezidi-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-noto-traditional-nushu-fonts.noarch               20201206-3.an23                     os      
google-roboto-slab-fonts.noarch                          1.100263-1.20150923git.an23         os      
gperf.x86_64                                             3.1-15.an23                         os      
gperftools.x86_64                                        2.10-2.an23                         updates 
gperftools-devel.x86_64                                  2.10-2.an23                         updates 
gperftools-doc.noarch                                    2.10-2.an23                         updates 
gperftools-libs.x86_64                                   2.10-2.an23                         updates 
gpgme-devel.x86_64                                       1.21.0-1.an23                       updates 
gpgme-doc.noarch                                         1.21.0-1.an23                       updates 
gpgmepp.x86_64                                           1.21.0-1.an23                       updates 
gpgmepp-devel.x86_64                                     1.21.0-1.an23                       updates 
gpm.x86_64                                               1.20.7-4.an23                       os      
gpm-devel.x86_64                                         1.20.7-4.an23                       os      
gpm-static.x86_64                                        1.20.7-4.an23                       os      
graphene.x86_64                                          1.10.8-2.an23                       os      
graphene-devel.x86_64                                    1.10.8-2.an23                       os      
graphene-tests.x86_64                                    1.10.8-2.an23                       os      
graphite2.x86_64                                         1.3.14-4.an23                       os      
graphite2-devel.x86_64                                   1.3.14-4.an23                       os      
graphviz.x86_64                                          8.0.5-1.an23                        os      
graphviz-devel.x86_64                                    8.0.5-1.an23                        os      
graphviz-gd.x86_64                                       8.0.5-1.an23                        os      
graphviz-gtk2.x86_64                                     8.0.5-1.an23                        os      
groff.x86_64                                             1.23.0-2.an23                       updates 
groff-doc.noarch                                         1.23.0-2.an23                       updates 
groff-perl.x86_64                                        1.23.0-2.an23                       updates 
groff-x11.x86_64                                         1.23.0-2.an23                       updates 
grub2-common.noarch                                      1:2.06-10.an23                      os      
grub2-efi-aa64-modules.noarch                            1:2.06-10.an23                      os      
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                    1:2.06-10.an23                      os      
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                             1:2.06-10.an23                      os      
grub2-efi-ia32-modules.noarch                            1:2.06-10.an23                      os      
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                     1:2.06-10.an23                      os      
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                              1:2.06-10.an23                      os      
grub2-efi-x64-modules.noarch                             1:2.06-10.an23                      os      
grub2-emu.x86_64                                         1:2.06-10.an23                      os      
grub2-emu-modules.x86_64                                 1:2.06-10.an23                      os      
grub2-pc.x86_64                                          1:2.06-10.an23                      os      
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                                  1:2.06-10.an23                      os      
grub2-tools.x86_64                                       1:2.06-10.an23                      os      
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                                   1:2.06-10.an23                      os      
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                                 1:2.06-10.an23                      os      
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                               1:2.06-10.an23                      os      
grubby.x86_64                                            8.40-43.an23                        os      
grubby-deprecated.x86_64                                 8.40-43.an23                        os      
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                         44.0-2.an23                         os      
gsettings-desktop-schemas-devel.noarch                   44.0-2.an23                         os      
gsl.x86_64                                               2.7.1-1.an23                        os      
gsl-devel.x86_64                                         2.7.1-1.an23                        os      
gsm.x86_64                                               1.0.22-3.an23                       os      
gsm-devel.x86_64                                         1.0.22-3.an23                       os      
gsm-tools.x86_64                                         1.0.22-3.an23                       os      
gsound.x86_64                                            1.0.3-2.an23                        os      
gsound-devel.x86_64                                      1.0.3-2.an23                        os      
gspell.x86_64                                            1.12.1-1.an23                       os      
gspell-devel.x86_64                                      1.12.1-1.an23                       os      
gssdp.x86_64                                             1.6.2-1.an23                        os      
gssdp-devel.x86_64                                       1.6.2-1.an23                        os      
gssdp-docs.noarch                                        1.6.2-1.an23                        os      
gssdp-utils.x86_64                                       1.6.2-1.an23                        os      
gssproxy.x86_64                                          0.9.1-2.an23                        os      
gstreamer1.x86_64                                        1.22.6-1.an23                       updates 
gstreamer1-devel.x86_64                                  1.22.6-1.an23                       updates 
gstreamer1-doc.noarch                                    1.22.6-1.an23                       updates 
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                       1.22.6-2.an23                       updates 
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free-devel.x86_64                 1.22.6-2.an23                       updates 
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free-doc.noarch                   1.22.6-2.an23                       updates 
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                           1.22.6-1.an23                       updates 
gstreamer1-plugins-base-devel.x86_64                     1.22.6-1.an23                       updates 
gstreamer1-plugins-base-doc.noarch                       1.22.6-1.an23                       updates 
gstreamer1-plugins-base-tools.x86_64                     1.22.6-1.an23                       updates 
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                           1.22.6-1.an23                       updates 
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                       1.22.6-1.an23                       updates 
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                        1.22.6-1.an23                       updates 
gstreamer1-svt-av1.x86_64                                1.4.1-1.an23                        os      
gtest.x86_64                                             1.13.0-1.an23                       os      
gtest.x86_64                                             1.13.0-1.an23                       updates 
gtest-devel.x86_64                                       1.13.0-1.an23                       os      
gtest-devel.x86_64                                       1.13.0-1.an23                       updates 
gtest-doc.noarch                                         1.13.0-1.an23                       updates 
gtk-doc.noarch                                           1.33.2-7.an23                       os      
gtk-doc-doc.noarch                                       1.33.2-7.an23                       os      
gtk-doc-mkpdf.noarch                                     1.33.2-7.an23                       os      
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                             3.24.38-1.an23                      os      
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                          1.3.1-1.an23                        os      
gtk-vnc2-devel.x86_64                                    1.3.1-1.an23                        os      
gtk2.x86_64                                              2.24.33-4.an23                      os      
gtk2-devel.x86_64                                        2.24.33-4.an23                      os      
gtk2-devel-docs.x86_64                                   2.24.33-4.an23                      os      
gtk2-immodule-xim.x86_64                                 2.24.33-4.an23                      os      
gtk2-immodules.x86_64                                    2.24.33-4.an23                      os      
gtk3.x86_64                                              3.24.38-1.an23                      os      
gtk3-devel.x86_64                                        3.24.38-1.an23                      os      
gtk3-devel-docs.x86_64                                   3.24.38-1.an23                      os      
gtk3-immodule-xim.x86_64                                 3.24.38-1.an23                      os      
gtk3-immodules.x86_64                                    3.24.38-1.an23                      os      
gtk3-tests.x86_64                                        3.24.38-1.an23                      os      
gtk4.x86_64                                              4.10.3-1.an23                       os      
gtk4-devel.x86_64                                        4.10.3-1.an23                       os      
gtk4-devel-docs.noarch                                   4.10.3-1.an23                       os      
gtk4-devel-tools.x86_64                                  4.10.3-1.an23                       os      
gtkglext-devel.x86_64                                    1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
gtkglext-doc.x86_64                                      1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
gtkglext-libs.x86_64                                     1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
gtkmm24.x86_64                                           2.24.5-1.an23                       os      
gtkmm24-devel.x86_64                                     2.24.5-1.an23                       os      
gtkmm24-doc.noarch                                       2.24.5-1.an23                       os      
gtkmm24-docs.noarch                                      2.24.5-1.an23                       os      
gtkmm30.x86_64                                           3.24.8-1.an23                       updates 
gtkmm30-devel.x86_64                                     3.24.8-1.an23                       updates 
gtkmm30-doc.noarch                                       3.24.8-1.an23                       updates 
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                    4.8.4-1.an23                        os      
gtksourceview4-devel.x86_64                              4.8.4-1.an23                        os      
gtksourceview5.x86_64                                    5.8.0-1.an23                        os      
gtksourceview5-devel.x86_64                              5.8.0-1.an23                        os      
gts.x86_64                                               0.7.6-1.an23                        os      
gts-devel.x86_64                                         0.7.6-1.an23                        os      
gts-doc.noarch                                           0.7.6-1.an23                        os      
guava.noarch                                             31.1-1.an23                         os      
guava-javadoc.noarch                                     31.1-1.an23                         os      
guava-testlib.noarch                                     31.1-1.an23                         os      
guile.x86_64                                             5:3.0.9-1.an23                      os      
guile-devel.x86_64                                       5:3.0.9-1.an23                      os      
gumbo-parser.x86_64                                      1:0.10.1-1.an23                     os      
gumbo-parser-devel.x86_64                                1:0.10.1-1.an23                     os      
gupnp.x86_64                                             1.6.3-1.an23                        os      
gupnp-devel.x86_64                                       1.6.3-1.an23                        os      
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                        0.12.0-1.an23                       os      
gupnp-dlna-devel.x86_64                                  0.12.0-1.an23                       os      
gupnp-dlna-docs.noarch                                   0.12.0-1.an23                       os      
gupnp-docs.noarch                                        1.6.3-1.an23                        os      
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                         1.6.0-1.an23                        os      
gupnp-igd-devel.x86_64                                   1.6.0-1.an23                        os      
gv.x86_64                                                3.7.4-1.an23                        updates 
gv-doc.noarch                                            3.7.4-1.an23                        updates 
gvfs.x86_64                                              1.50.4-1.an23                       os      
gvfs-client.x86_64                                       1.50.4-1.an23                       os      
gvfs-devel.x86_64                                        1.50.4-1.an23                       os      
gvfs-doc.noarch                                          1.50.4-1.an23                       os      
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                         1.50.4-1.an23                       os      
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                          1.50.4-1.an23                       os      
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                      1.50.4-1.an23                       os      
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                          1.50.4-1.an23                       os      
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                          1.50.4-1.an23                       os      
gvfs-tests.x86_64                                        1.50.4-1.an23                       os      
gvnc.x86_64                                              1.3.1-1.an23                        os      
gvnc-devel.x86_64                                        1.3.1-1.an23                        os      
hamcrest.noarch                                          2.2-1.an23                          os      
hamcrest-javadoc.noarch                                  2.2-1.an23                          os      
haproxy.x86_64                                           2.7.10-1.an23                       updates 
haproxy-doc.noarch                                       2.7.10-1.an23                       updates 
harfbuzz.x86_64                                          8.1.1-1.an23                        updates 
harfbuzz-devel.x86_64                                    8.1.1-1.an23                        updates 
harfbuzz-doc.noarch                                      8.1.1-1.an23                        updates 
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                      8.1.1-1.an23                        updates 
hatch.noarch                                             1.7.0-2.an23                        os      
hdparm.x86_64                                            9.65-1.an23                         os      
help2man.noarch                                          1.49.3-1.an23                       os      
hexedit.x86_64                                           1.6-1.an23                          os      
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                     540.1.linux3-3.an23                 os      
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                                0.17-2.an23                         os      
hidapi.x86_64                                            0.13.1-1.an23                       os      
hidapi-devel.x86_64                                      0.13.1-1.an23                       os      
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                           3.28-1.an23                         os      
highlight.x86_64                                         4.6-1.an23                          updates 
highlight-gui.x86_64                                     4.6-1.an23                          updates 
highway.x86_64                                           1.0.4-1.an23                        os      
highway-devel.x86_64                                     1.0.4-1.an23                        os      
hiredis.x86_64                                           1.0.2-1.an23                        os      
hiredis-devel.x86_64                                     1.0.2-1.an23                        os      
hivex.x86_64                                             1.3.23-1.an23                       os      
hivex-devel.x86_64                                       1.3.23-1.an23                       os      
hivex-doc.noarch                                         1.3.23-1.an23                       os      
hivex-libs.x86_64                                        1.3.23-1.an23                       os      
hivex-static.x86_64                                      1.3.23-1.an23                       os      
http-parser.x86_64                                       2.9.4-2.an23                        os      
http-parser-devel.x86_64                                 2.9.4-2.an23                        os      
httpcomponents-client.noarch                             4.5.13-1.an23                       os      
httpcomponents-client-javadoc.noarch                     4.5.13-1.an23                       os      
httpcomponents-core.noarch                               4.4.13-1.an23                       os      
httpcomponents-core-javadoc.noarch                       4.4.13-1.an23                       os      
httpd.x86_64                                             2.4.58-1.an23                       updates 
httpd-core.x86_64                                        2.4.58-1.an23                       updates 
httpd-devel.x86_64                                       2.4.58-1.an23                       updates 
httpd-doc.noarch                                         2.4.58-1.an23                       updates 
httpd-filesystem.noarch                                  2.4.58-1.an23                       updates 
httpd-manual.noarch                                      2.4.58-1.an23                       updates 
httpd-tools.x86_64                                       2.4.58-1.an23                       updates 
hunspell.x86_64                                          1.7.1-2.an23                        os      
hunspell-devel.x86_64                                    1.7.1-2.an23                        os      
hunspell-en.noarch                                       0.2020.12.07-3.an23                 os      
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                    0.2020.12.07-3.an23                 os      
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                    0.2020.12.07-3.an23                 os      
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                               1.7.1-2.an23                        os      
hwdata.noarch                                            0.370-1.an23                        os      
hwloc.x86_64                                             2.5.0-2.an23                        updates 
hwloc-devel.x86_64                                       2.5.0-2.an23                        updates 
hwloc-gui.x86_64                                         2.5.0-2.an23                        updates 
hwloc-libs.x86_64                                        2.5.0-2.an23                        updates 
hwloc-plugins.x86_64                                     2.5.0-2.an23                        updates 
hyphen.x86_64                                            2.8.8-10.an23                       os      
hyphen-devel.x86_64                                      2.8.8-10.an23                       os      
hyphen-en.noarch                                         2.8.8-10.an23                       os      
ibacm.x86_64                                             44.0-3.an23                         os      
ibus.x86_64                                              1.5.28-2.an23                       os      
ibus-devel.x86_64                                        1.5.28-2.an23                       os      
ibus-devel-docs.noarch                                   1.5.28-2.an23                       os      
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                         1.5.28-2.an23                       os      
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                         1.5.28-2.an23                       os      
ibus-gtk4.x86_64                                         1.5.28-2.an23                       os      
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                    1.15.3-1.an23                       updates 
ibus-libpinyin-doc.noarch                                1.15.3-1.an23                       updates 
ibus-libs.x86_64                                         1.5.28-2.an23                       os      
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                         1.4.19-1.an23                       os      
ibus-setup.noarch                                        1.5.28-2.an23                       os      
ibus-wayland.x86_64                                      1.5.28-2.an23                       os      
icedax.x86_64                                            1.1.11-1.an23                       os      
icoutils.x86_64                                          0.32.3-1.an23                       os      
icu.x86_64                                               72.1-1.an23                         os      
idn2.x86_64                                              2.3.4-3.an23                        os      
iftop.x86_64                                             1.0pre4-1.an23                      os      
iftop-doc.noarch                                         1.0pre4-1.an23                      os      
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                                  3.4-1.an23                          os      
ima-evm-utils-devel.x86_64                               1.4-3.an23                          os      
imath.x86_64                                             3.1.7-1.an23                        os      
imath-devel.x86_64                                       3.1.7-1.an23                        os      
imlib2.x86_64                                            1.11.1-1.an23                       os      
imlib2-devel.x86_64                                      1.11.1-1.an23                       os      
infiniband-diags.x86_64                                  44.0-3.an23                         os      
infiniband-diags-compat.x86_64                           44.0-3.an23                         os      
infinipath-psm.x86_64                                    3.3-1.an23                          os      
infinipath-psm-devel.x86_64                              3.3-1.an23                          os      
info.x86_64                                              7.0.3-1.an23                        os      
inih.x86_64                                              56-2.an23                           os      
inih-devel.x86_64                                        56-2.an23                           os      
iniparser.x86_64                                         4.1-4.an23                          updates 
iniparser-devel.x86_64                                   4.1-4.an23                          updates 
iniparser-doc.noarch                                     4.1-4.an23                          updates 
initial-setup.x86_64                                     0.3.94-1.an23                       os      
initial-setup-doc.noarch                                 0.3.94-1.an23                       os      
initial-setup-gui.x86_64                                 0.3.94-1.an23                       os      
initscripts.x86_64                                       10.17-4.an23                        os      
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                         10.17-4.an23                        os      
initscripts-service.noarch                               10.17-4.an23                        os      
inkscape.x86_64                                          1.3-1.an23                          updates 
inkscape-doc.noarch                                      1.3-1.an23                          updates 
inkscape-view.x86_64                                     1.3-1.an23                          updates 
integritysetup.x86_64                                    2.6.1-1.an23                        os      
intel-QAT20.x86_64                                       L.0.9.4-00004.11.an23               updates 
intel-QAT20-devel.x86_64                                 L.0.9.4-00004.11.an23               updates 
intel-accel-plugin.x86_64                                0.27-1.an23                         updates 
intel-accel-plugin-dlb.x86_64                            0.27-1.an23                         updates 
intel-accel-plugin-iaa.x86_64                            0.27-1.an23                         updates 
intel-accel-plugin-qat.x86_64                            0.27-1.an23                         updates 
intel-ipp-crypto-mb.x86_64                               1.0.6-3.an23                        updates 
intel-ipp-crypto-mb-devel.x86_64                         1.0.6-3.an23                        updates 
intel-ipp-crypto-mb-doc.noarch                           1.0.6-3.an23                        updates 
intel-ipp-crypto-mb-static.x86_64                        1.0.6-3.an23                        updates 
intel-ipsec-mb.x86_64                                    1.3.0-1.an23                        os      
intel-ipsec-mb-devel.x86_64                              1.3.0-1.an23                        os      
intltool.noarch                                          0.51.0-13.an23                      os      
intltool-doc.noarch                                      0.51.0-13.an23                      os      
iotop.noarch                                             0.6-1.an23                          os      
ipcalc.x86_64                                            1.0.2-2.an23                        os      
iperf3.x86_64                                            3.14-1.an23                         updates 
iperf3-devel.x86_64                                      3.14-1.an23                         updates 
iperf3-doc.noarch                                        3.14-1.an23                         updates 
ipmievd.x86_64                                           1.8.18-3.an23                       os      
ipmitool.x86_64                                          1.8.18-3.an23                       os      
iproute.x86_64                                           6.3.0-1.an23                        os      
iproute-devel.x86_64                                     6.3.0-1.an23                        os      
iproute-tc.x86_64                                        6.3.0-1.an23                        os      
iprutils.x86_64                                          2.4.19-1.an23                       os      
ipset.x86_64                                             7.17-2.an23                         os      
ipset-devel.x86_64                                       7.17-2.an23                         os      
ipset-libs.x86_64                                        7.17-2.an23                         os      
ipset-service.noarch                                     7.17-2.an23                         os      
iptables-compat.x86_64                                   1.8.9-3.an23                        os      
iptables-devel.x86_64                                    1.8.9-3.an23                        os      
iptables-legacy.x86_64                                   1.8.9-3.an23                        os      
iptables-legacy-devel.x86_64                             1.8.9-3.an23                        os      
iptables-legacy-libs.x86_64                              1.8.9-3.an23                        os      
iptables-libs.x86_64                                     1.8.9-3.an23                        os      
iptables-nft.x86_64                                      1.8.9-3.an23                        os      
iptables-services.noarch                                 1.8.9-3.an23                        os      
iptables-utils.x86_64                                    1.8.9-3.an23                        os      
ipvsadm.x86_64                                           1.31-3.an23                         os      
ipxe-bootimgs-aarch64.noarch                             20220210.git64113751-3.an23         os      
ipxe-bootimgs-x86.noarch                                 20220210.git64113751-3.an23         os      
ipxe-roms.noarch                                         20220210.git64113751-3.an23         os      
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                    20220210.git64113751-3.an23         os      
irqbalance.x86_64                                        2:1.9.2-1.an23                      os      
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                             2.1.8-2.an23                        os      
iscsi-initiator-utils-devel.x86_64                       2.1.8-2.an23                        os      
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                    2.1.8-2.an23                        os      
isns-utils.x86_64                                        0.102-2.an23                        os      
isns-utils-devel.x86_64                                  0.102-2.an23                        os      
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                                   0.102-2.an23                        os      
iso-codes.noarch                                         4.15.0-1.an23                       os      
iso-codes-devel.noarch                                   4.15.0-1.an23                       os      
isomd5sum.x86_64                                         1.2.3-4.an23                        os      
isomd5sum-devel.x86_64                                   1.2.3-4.an23                        os      
itstool.noarch                                           2.0.7-1.an23                        os      
itstool-doc.noarch                                       2.0.7-1.an23                        os      
ivy-local.noarch                                         6.1.0-4.an23                        os      
iw.x86_64                                                5.9-3.an23                          os      
iwl100-firmware.noarch                                   39.31.5.1-3.an23                    os      
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                                  39.31.5.1-3.an23                    os      
iwl105-firmware.noarch                                   18.168.6.1-3.an23                   os      
iwl135-firmware.noarch                                   18.168.6.1-3.an23                   os      
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                                  18.168.6.1-3.an23                   os      
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                                  18.168.6.1-3.an23                   os      
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                                  25.30.13.0-3.an23                   os      
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                                  15.32.2.9-3.an23                    os      
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                                  228.61.2.24-3.an23                  os      
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                                  8.83.5.1_1-3.an23                   os      
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                                  8.24.2.2-3.an23                     os      
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                                  9.221.4.1-3.an23                    os      
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-3.an23                   os      
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-3.an23                   os      
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                                  41.28.5.1-3.an23                    os      
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                                  25.30.13.0-3.an23                   os      
iwlax2xx-firmware.noarch                                 25.30.13.0-3.an23                   os      
iwpmd.x86_64                                             44.0-3.an23                         os      
jakarta-activation.noarch                                1.2.1-1.an23                        os      
jakarta-activation-javadoc.noarch                        1.2.1-1.an23                        os      
jakarta-annotations.noarch                               1.3.5-1.an23                        os      
jakarta-annotations-javadoc.noarch                       1.3.5-1.an23                        os      
jakarta-mail.noarch                                      1.6.7-1.an23                        os      
jakarta-mail-doc.noarch                                  1.6.7-1.an23                        os      
jakarta-servlet.noarch                                   5.0.0-1.an23                        os      
jakarta-servlet-javadoc.noarch                           5.0.0-1.an23                        os      
jansi.x86_64                                             2.4.0-1.an23                        os      
jansi-javadoc.noarch                                     2.4.0-1.an23                        os      
jansson-devel.x86_64                                     2.14-3.an23                         os      
jansson-devel-doc.noarch                                 2.14-3.an23                         os      
jasper-devel.x86_64                                      4.0.0-1.an23                        os      
jasper-libs.x86_64                                       4.0.0-1.an23                        os      
java-1.8.0-alibaba-dragonwell.x86_64                     3:8.15.16.372-2.an23                updates 
java-1.8.0-alibaba-dragonwell-demo.x86_64                3:8.15.16.372-2.an23                updates 
java-1.8.0-alibaba-dragonwell-demo-fastdebug.x86_64      3:8.15.16.372-2.an23                updates 
java-1.8.0-alibaba-dragonwell-demo-slowdebug.x86_64      3:8.15.16.372-2.an23                updates 
java-1.8.0-alibaba-dragonwell-devel.x86_64               3:8.15.16.372-2.an23                updates 
java-1.8.0-alibaba-dragonwell-devel-fastdebug.x86_64     3:8.15.16.372-2.an23                updates 
java-1.8.0-alibaba-dragonwell-devel-slowdebug.x86_64     3:8.15.16.372-2.an23                updates 
java-1.8.0-alibaba-dragonwell-fastdebug.x86_64           3:8.15.16.372-2.an23                updates 
java-1.8.0-alibaba-dragonwell-headless.x86_64            3:8.15.16.372-2.an23                updates 
java-1.8.0-alibaba-dragonwell-headless-fastdebug.x86_64  3:8.15.16.372-2.an23                updates 
java-1.8.0-alibaba-dragonwell-headless-slowdebug.x86_64  3:8.15.16.372-2.an23                updates 
java-1.8.0-alibaba-dragonwell-javadoc.x86_64             3:8.15.16.372-2.an23                updates 
java-1.8.0-alibaba-dragonwell-javadoc-zip.x86_64         3:8.15.16.372-2.an23                updates 
java-1.8.0-alibaba-dragonwell-slowdebug.x86_64           3:8.15.16.372-2.an23                updates 
java-1.8.0-alibaba-dragonwell-src.x86_64                 3:8.15.16.372-2.an23                updates 
java-1.8.0-alibaba-dragonwell-src-fastdebug.x86_64       3:8.15.16.372-2.an23                updates 
java-1.8.0-alibaba-dragonwell-src-slowdebug.x86_64       3:8.15.16.372-2.an23                updates 
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell.x86_64                        3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-demo.x86_64                   3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-demo-fastdebug.x86_64         3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-demo-slowdebug.x86_64         3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-devel.x86_64                  3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-devel-fastdebug.x86_64        3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-devel-slowdebug.x86_64        3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-fastdebug.x86_64              3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-headless.x86_64               3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-headless-fastdebug.x86_64     3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-headless-slowdebug.x86_64     3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-javadoc.x86_64                3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-javadoc-zip.x86_64            3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-jmods.x86_64                  3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-jmods-fastdebug.x86_64        3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-jmods-slowdebug.x86_64        3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-slowdebug.x86_64              3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-src.x86_64                    3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-src-fastdebug.x86_64          3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-src-slowdebug.x86_64          3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-static-libs.x86_64            3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-static-libs-fastdebug.x86_64  3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-11-alibaba-dragonwell-static-libs-slowdebug.x86_64  3:11.0.17.13.8-3.an23               os      
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell.x86_64                        3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-demo.x86_64                   3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-demo-fastdebug.x86_64         3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-demo-slowdebug.x86_64         3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-devel.x86_64                  3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-devel-fastdebug.x86_64        3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-devel-slowdebug.x86_64        3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-fastdebug.x86_64              3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-headless.x86_64               3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-headless-fastdebug.x86_64     3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-headless-slowdebug.x86_64     3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-javadoc.x86_64                3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-javadoc-zip.x86_64            3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-jmods.x86_64                  3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-jmods-fastdebug.x86_64        3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-jmods-slowdebug.x86_64        3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-slowdebug.x86_64              3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-src.x86_64                    3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-src-fastdebug.x86_64          3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-src-slowdebug.x86_64          3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-static-libs.x86_64            3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-static-libs-fastdebug.x86_64  3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
java-17-alibaba-dragonwell-static-libs-slowdebug.x86_64  3:17.0.8.0.8.7-3.an23               updates 
javapackages-bootstrap.x86_64                            1.8.1-1.an23                        os      
javapackages-bootstrap-openjdk8.x86_64                   1.8.1-1.an23                        os      
javapackages-common.noarch                               6.1.0-4.an23                        os      
javapackages-extra.noarch                                6.1.0-4.an23                        os      
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                           6.1.0-4.an23                        os      
javapackages-generators.noarch                           6.1.0-4.an23                        os      
javapackages-local.noarch                                6.1.0-4.an23                        os      
javapackages-tools.noarch                                6.1.0-4.an23                        os      
javascriptcoregtk4.0.x86_64                              2.42.1-1.an23                       updates 
javascriptcoregtk4.0-devel.x86_64                        2.42.1-1.an23                       updates 
javascriptcoregtk4.1.x86_64                              2.42.1-1.an23                       updates 
javascriptcoregtk4.1-devel.x86_64                        2.42.1-1.an23                       updates 
javascriptcoregtk6.0.x86_64                              2.42.1-1.an23                       updates 
javascriptcoregtk6.0-devel.x86_64                        2.42.1-1.an23                       updates 
jbig2dec-devel.x86_64                                    0.19-8.an23                         os      
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                     0.19-8.an23                         os      
jbigkit.x86_64                                           2.1-17.an23                         os      
jbigkit-devel.x86_64                                     2.1-17.an23                         os      
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                      2.1-17.an23                         os      
jcl-over-slf4j.noarch                                    1.7.32-1.an23                       os      
jdependency.noarch                                       2.8.0-1.an23                        os      
jdependency-javadoc.noarch                               2.8.0-1.an23                        os      
jdom.noarch                                              1.1.3-1.an23                        os      
jdom-demo.noarch                                         1.1.3-1.an23                        os      
jdom-javadoc.noarch                                      1.1.3-1.an23                        os      
jdom2.noarch                                             2.0.6.1-1.an23                      os      
jdom2-javadoc.noarch                                     2.0.6.1-1.an23                      os      
jemalloc.x86_64                                          5.3.0-1.an23                        os      
jemalloc-devel.x86_64                                    5.3.0-1.an23                        os      
jfsutils.x86_64                                          1.1.15-1.an23                       os      
jfsutils-doc.noarch                                      1.1.15-1.an23                       os      
jitterentropy.x86_64                                     3.4.1-1.an23                        os      
jitterentropy-devel.x86_64                               3.4.1-1.an23                        os      
jose.x86_64                                              11-1.an23                           os      
jq.x86_64                                                1.6-15.an23                         os      
jq-devel.x86_64                                          1.6-15.an23                         os      
js-jquery.noarch                                         3.6.0-2.an23                        os      
json-c-devel.x86_64                                      0.16-3.an23                         os      
json-c-doc.x86_64                                        0.16-3.an23                         os      
json-glib.x86_64                                         1.6.6-3.an23                        os      
json-glib-devel.x86_64                                   1.6.6-3.an23                        os      
json-glib-tests.x86_64                                   1.6.6-3.an23                        os      
jsoncpp.x86_64                                           1.9.5-1.an23                        os      
jsoncpp-devel.x86_64                                     1.9.5-1.an23                        os      
jsoncpp-doc.noarch                                       1.9.5-1.an23                        os      
jsr-305.noarch                                           3.0.2-1.an23                        os      
jsr-305-javadoc.noarch                                   3.0.2-1.an23                        os      
junit.noarch                                             1:4.13.2-1.an23                     os      
junit-javadoc.noarch                                     1:4.13.2-1.an23                     os      
junit-manual.noarch                                      1:4.13.2-1.an23                     os      
junit5.noarch                                            5.9.0-1.an23                        os      
junit5-guide.noarch                                      5.9.0-1.an23                        os      
junit5-javadoc.noarch                                    5.9.0-1.an23                        os      
jupyterlab.noarch                                        4.0.0-2.an23                        os      
jurand.x86_64                                            1.3.1-1.an23                        os      
jurand-doc.noarch                                        1.3.1-1.an23                        os      
kata-containers.x86_64                                   3.0.0-2.an23                        os      
kbd.x86_64                                               2.5.1-1.an23                        os      
kbd-legacy.noarch                                        2.5.1-1.an23                        os      
kbd-misc.noarch                                          2.5.1-1.an23                        os      
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                              006-1.an23                          os      
kdump-anaconda-addon-doc.noarch                          006-1.an23                          os      
keenopt.noarch                                           2.0.0-1.an23                        os      
keentune-bench.noarch                                    2.0.1-1.an23                        os      
keentune-brain.noarch                                    2.0.1-1.an23                        os      
keentune-target.noarch                                   2.0.1-2.an23                        os      
keentune-ui.noarch                                       2.0.0-1.an23                        os      
keentuned.x86_64                                         2.0.1-2.an23                        os      
keepalived.x86_64                                        2.2.7-1.an23                        os      
keepalived-doc.noarch                                    2.2.7-1.an23                        os      
kernel.x86_64                                            5.10.134-16.1.an23                  updates 
kernel-core.x86_64                                       5.10.134-16.1.an23                  updates 
kernel-debug.x86_64                                      5.10.134-16.1.an23                  updates 
kernel-debug-core.x86_64                                 5.10.134-16.1.an23                  updates 
kernel-debug-devel.x86_64                                5.10.134-16.1.an23                  updates 
kernel-debug-modules.x86_64                              5.10.134-16.1.an23                  updates 
kernel-debug-modules-extra.x86_64                        5.10.134-16.1.an23                  updates 
kernel-debug-modules-internal.x86_64                     5.10.134-16.1.an23                  updates 
kernel-devel.x86_64                                      5.10.134-16.1.an23                  updates 
kernel-modules.x86_64                                    5.10.134-16.1.an23                  updates 
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                              5.10.134-16.1.an23                  updates 
kernel-modules-internal.x86_64                           5.10.134-16.1.an23                  updates 
kernel-tools.x86_64                                      5.10.134-16.1.an23                  updates 
kernel-tools-libs.x86_64                                 5.10.134-16.1.an23                  updates 
kernel-tools-libs-devel.x86_64                           5.10.134-16.1.an23                  updates 
kexec-tools.x86_64                                       2.0.26-3.an23                       updates 
kexec-tools-doc.noarch                                   2.0.26-3.an23                       updates 
keybinder3.x86_64                                        0.3.2-3.an23                        os      
keybinder3-devel.x86_64                                  0.3.2-3.an23                        os      
keybinder3-doc.noarch                                    0.3.2-3.an23                        os      
keyutils.x86_64                                          1.6.1-4.an23                        os      
keyutils-libs-devel.x86_64                               1.6.1-4.an23                        os      
kmod.x86_64                                              30-4.an23                           os      
kmod-ast.x86_64                                          5.10.134~14.1.an23-1.an23           os      
kmod-devel.x86_64                                        30-4.an23                           os      
kmod-intel-QAT20.x86_64                                  L.0.9.4-00004.12.an23               updates 
kmod-intel_dlb2.x86_64                                   8.2.0-2.an23                        updates 
kmod-libs.x86_64                                         30-4.an23                           os      
kmod-udma.x86_64                                         0.1.0-1.an23                        updates 
koji.noarch                                              1.32.1-2.an23                       updates 
koji-builder.noarch                                      1.32.1-2.an23                       updates 
koji-builder-plugins.noarch                              1.32.1-2.an23                       updates 
koji-hub.noarch                                          1.32.1-2.an23                       updates 
koji-hub-plugins.noarch                                  1.32.1-2.an23                       updates 
koji-utils.noarch                                        1.32.1-2.an23                       updates 
koji-vm.noarch                                           1.32.1-2.an23                       updates 
koji-web.noarch                                          1.32.1-2.an23                       updates 
kpartx.x86_64                                            0.9.4-1.an23                        os      
kpatch.noarch                                            0.9.4-1.an23                        os      
kpatch-build.x86_64                                      1.0.0-1.an23                        os      
kpatch-dnf.noarch                                        0.4-1.an23                          os      
krb5-devel.x86_64                                        1.20.2-1.an23                       updates 
krb5-doc.noarch                                          1.20.2-1.an23                       updates 
krb5-pkinit.x86_64                                       1.20.2-1.an23                       updates 
krb5-server.x86_64                                       1.20.2-1.an23                       updates 
krb5-server-ldap.x86_64                                  1.20.2-1.an23                       updates 
krb5-tests.x86_64                                        1.20.2-1.an23                       updates 
krb5-workstation.x86_64                                  1.20.2-1.an23                       updates 
ksh.x86_64                                               3:1.0.4-1.an23                      os      
ksh-doc.noarch                                           3:1.0.4-1.an23                      os      
kubernetes.x86_64                                        1.27.2-1.an23                       os      
kubernetes-client.x86_64                                 1.27.2-1.an23                       os      
kubernetes-kubeadm.x86_64                                1.27.2-1.an23                       os      
kubernetes-master.x86_64                                 1.27.2-1.an23                       os      
kubernetes-node.x86_64                                   1.27.2-1.an23                       os      
kyotocabinet-devel.x86_64                                1.2.79-1.an23                       os      
kyotocabinet-libs.x86_64                                 1.2.79-1.an23                       os      
kyua.x86_64                                              0.13-9.an23                         os      
kyua-tests.x86_64                                        0.13-9.an23                         os      
lame.x86_64                                              3.100-7.an23                        os      
lame-devel.x86_64                                        3.100-7.an23                        os      
lame-libs.x86_64                                         3.100-7.an23                        os      
langpacks-core-en_GB.noarch                              3.0-2.an23                          os      
langpacks-core-font-zh_CN.noarch                         3.0-2.an23                          os      
langpacks-core-font-zh_HK.noarch                         3.0-2.an23                          os      
langpacks-core-font-zh_TW.noarch                         3.0-2.an23                          os      
langpacks-core-zh_CN.noarch                              3.0-2.an23                          os      
langpacks-core-zh_HK.noarch                              3.0-2.an23                          os      
langpacks-core-zh_TW.noarch                              3.0-2.an23                          os      
langpacks-en_GB.noarch                                   3.0-2.an23                          os      
langpacks-zh_CN.noarch                                   3.0-2.an23                          os      
langpacks-zh_HK.noarch                                   3.0-2.an23                          os      
langpacks-zh_TW.noarch                                   3.0-2.an23                          os      
langtable.noarch                                         0.0.61-3.an23                       os      
lapack.x86_64                                            3.11.0-1.an23                       os      
lapack-devel.x86_64                                      3.11.0-1.an23                       os      
lapack-static.x86_64                                     3.11.0-1.an23                       os      
lapack64.x86_64                                          3.11.0-1.an23                       os      
lapack64_.x86_64                                         3.11.0-1.an23                       os      
lasi.x86_64                                              1.1.3-1.an23                        os      
lasi-devel.x86_64                                        1.1.3-1.an23                        os      
lasi-doc.noarch                                          1.1.3-1.an23                        os      
latex2html.noarch                                        2023-1.an23                         os      
latex2html-doc.noarch                                    2023-1.an23                         os      
lato-fonts.noarch                                        2.015-1.an23                        os      
lcms2.x86_64                                             2.15-2.an23                         os      
lcms2-devel.x86_64                                       2.15-2.an23                         os      
lcms2-utils.x86_64                                       2.15-2.an23                         os      
lcov.noarch                                              1.16-1.an23                         os      
ldb-tools.x86_64                                         2.7.2-2.an23                        os      
ldirectord.x86_64                                        4.12.0-1.an23                       os      
ldns.x86_64                                              1.8.3-1.an23                        os      
ldns-devel.x86_64                                        1.8.3-1.an23                        os      
lemon.x86_64                                             3.44.2-1.an23                       updates 
leptonica.x86_64                                         1.83.1-1.an23                       os      
leptonica-devel.x86_64                                   1.83.1-1.an23                       os      
leveldb.x86_64                                           1.23-1.an23                         os      
leveldb-devel.x86_64                                     1.23-1.an23                         os      
leveldb-doc.noarch                                       1.23-1.an23                         os      
libICE.x86_64                                            1.1.1-1.an23                        os      
libICE-devel.x86_64                                      1.1.1-1.an23                        os      
libSM.x86_64                                             1.2.4-1.an23                        os      
libSM-devel.x86_64                                       1.2.4-1.an23                        os      
libX11.x86_64                                            1.8.7-1.an23                        updates 
libX11-common.noarch                                     1.8.7-1.an23                        updates 
libX11-devel.x86_64                                      1.8.7-1.an23                        updates 
libX11-doc.noarch                                        1.8.7-1.an23                        updates 
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                        1.8.7-1.an23                        updates 
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                     1.2.4-1.an23                        os      
libXScrnSaver-devel.x86_64                               1.2.4-1.an23                        os      
libXau.x86_64                                            1.0.11-1.an23                       os      
libXau-devel.x86_64                                      1.0.11-1.an23                       os      
libXaw.x86_64                                            1.0.15-1.an23                       os      
libXaw-devel.x86_64                                      1.0.15-1.an23                       os      
libXaw-doc.x86_64                                        1.0.15-1.an23                       os      
libXcomposite.x86_64                                     0.4.6-1.an23                        os      
libXcomposite-devel.x86_64                               0.4.6-1.an23                        os      
libXcursor.x86_64                                        1.2.1-2.an23                        os      
libXcursor-devel.x86_64                                  1.2.1-2.an23                        os      
libXdamage.x86_64                                        1.1.6-1.an23                        os      
libXdamage-devel.x86_64                                  1.1.6-1.an23                        os      
libXdmcp.x86_64                                          1.1.4-1.an23                        os      
libXdmcp-devel.x86_64                                    1.1.4-1.an23                        os      
libXext.x86_64                                           1.3.5-2.an23                        os      
libXext-devel.x86_64                                     1.3.5-2.an23                        os      
libXfixes.x86_64                                         6.0.1-1.an23                        os      
libXfixes-devel.x86_64                                   6.0.1-1.an23                        os      
libXfont2.x86_64                                         2.0.6-1.an23                        os      
libXfont2-devel.x86_64                                   2.0.6-1.an23                        os      
libXft.x86_64                                            2.3.8-1.an23                        os      
libXft-devel.x86_64                                      2.3.8-1.an23                        os      
libXi.x86_64                                             1.8.1-2.an23                        os      
libXi-devel.x86_64                                       1.8.1-2.an23                        os      
libXinerama.x86_64                                       1.1.5-2.an23                        os      
libXinerama-devel.x86_64                                 1.1.5-2.an23                        os      
libXmu.x86_64                                            1.1.4-2.an23                        os      
libXmu-devel.x86_64                                      1.1.4-2.an23                        os      
libXpm.x86_64                                            3.5.17-1.an23                       updates 
libXpm-devel.x86_64                                      3.5.17-1.an23                       updates 
libXpm-doc.noarch                                        3.5.17-1.an23                       updates 
libXpresent.x86_64                                       1.0.0-1.an23                        os      
libXpresent-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.0-1.an23                        os      
libXpresent-doc.noarch                                   1.0.0-1.an23                        os      
libXrandr.x86_64                                         1.5.3-2.an23                        os      
libXrandr-devel.x86_64                                   1.5.3-2.an23                        os      
libXrender.x86_64                                        0.9.11-2.an23                       os      
libXrender-devel.x86_64                                  0.9.11-2.an23                       os      
libXres.x86_64                                           1.2.1-1.an23                        os      
libXres-devel.x86_64                                     1.2.1-1.an23                        os      
libXres-doc.noarch                                       1.2.1-1.an23                        os      
libXt.x86_64                                             1.3.0-2.an23                        os      
libXt-devel.x86_64                                       1.3.0-2.an23                        os      
libXtst.x86_64                                           1.2.4-2.an23                        os      
libXtst-devel.x86_64                                     1.2.4-2.an23                        os      
libXv.x86_64                                             1.0.12-1.an23                       os      
libXv-devel.x86_64                                       1.0.12-1.an23                       os      
libXvMC.x86_64                                           1.0.13-2.an23                       os      
libXvMC-devel.x86_64                                     1.0.13-2.an23                       os      
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                        1.1.5-2.an23                        os      
libXxf86vm-devel.x86_64                                  1.1.5-2.an23                        os      
libabigail.x86_64                                        2.2-1.an23                          os      
libabigail-devel.x86_64                                  2.2-1.an23                          os      
libabigail-doc.x86_64                                    2.2-1.an23                          os      
libacl-devel.x86_64                                      2.3.1-3.an23                        os      
libadwaita.x86_64                                        1.3.2-1.an23                        os      
libadwaita-devel.x86_64                                  1.3.2-1.an23                        os      
libadwaita-doc.noarch                                    1.3.2-1.an23                        os      
libaio-devel.x86_64                                      0.3.113-1.an23                      os      
libao.x86_64                                             1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
libao-devel.x86_64                                       1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
libaom.x86_64                                            3.6.0-2.an23                        os      
libaom-devel.x86_64                                      3.6.0-2.an23                        os      
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                              12.10.1-1.an23                      os      
libappindicator-gtk3-devel.x86_64                        12.10.1-1.an23                      os      
libappstream-glib.x86_64                                 0.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libappstream-glib-builder.x86_64                         0.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libappstream-glib-devel.x86_64                           0.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libarchive-devel.x86_64                                  3.7.1-1.an23                        updates 
libarchive-doc.noarch                                    3.7.1-1.an23                        updates 
libargon2.x86_64                                         20190702-3.an23                     os      
libargon2-devel.x86_64                                   20190702-3.an23                     os      
libasan-static.x86_64                                    12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
libassuan-devel.x86_64                                   2.5.6-1.an23                        updates 
libassuan-doc.noarch                                     2.5.6-1.an23                        updates 
libasyncns.x86_64                                        0.8-15.an23                         os      
libasyncns-devel.x86_64                                  0.8-15.an23                         os      
libatasmart.x86_64                                       0.19-15.an23                        os      
libatasmart-devel.x86_64                                 0.19-15.an23                        os      
libatf-c.x86_64                                          0.21-4.an23                         os      
libatf-c++.x86_64                                        0.21-4.an23                         os      
libatf-c++-devel.x86_64                                  0.21-4.an23                         os      
libatf-c-devel.x86_64                                    0.21-4.an23                         os      
libatf-sh.x86_64                                         0.21-4.an23                         os      
libatf-sh-devel.x86_64                                   0.21-4.an23                         os      
libatomic-static.x86_64                                  12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
libatomic_ops.x86_64                                     7.8.0-1.an23                        os      
libatomic_ops-devel.x86_64                               7.8.0-1.an23                        os      
libatomic_ops-doc.noarch                                 7.8.0-1.an23                        os      
libatomic_ops-static.x86_64                              7.8.0-1.an23                        os      
libattr-devel.x86_64                                     2.5.1-5.an23                        os      
libavc1394.x86_64                                        0.5.4-1.an23                        os      
libavc1394-devel.x86_64                                  0.5.4-1.an23                        os      
libavc1394-doc.noarch                                    0.5.4-1.an23                        os      
libavif.x86_64                                           0.11.1-1.an23                       os      
libavif-devel.x86_64                                     0.11.1-1.an23                       os      
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                     1.5.11-2.an23                       os      
libbabeltrace-devel.x86_64                               1.5.11-2.an23                       os      
libbasicobjects.x86_64                                   0.1.1-4.an23                        os      
libbasicobjects-devel.x86_64                             0.1.1-4.an23                        os      
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                    2.38.1-1.an23                       os      
libblockdev.x86_64                                       2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                                2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-crypto-devel.x86_64                          2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-devel.x86_64                                 2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                    2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-dm-devel.x86_64                              2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                    2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-fs-devel.x86_64                              2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                                   2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-kbd-devel.x86_64                             2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                                  2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-loop-devel.x86_64                            2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                                   2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                              2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-lvm-dbus-devel.x86_64                        2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-lvm-devel.x86_64                             2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                                2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-mdraid-devel.x86_64                          2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                                 2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-mpath-devel.x86_64                           2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                                2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-nvdimm-devel.x86_64                          2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-part.x86_64                                  2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-part-devel.x86_64                            2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                           2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                                  2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-swap-devel.x86_64                            2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-tools.x86_64                                 2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                                 2.28-2.an23                         os      
libblockdev-utils-devel.x86_64                           2.28-2.an23                         os      
libbluray.x86_64                                         1.3.4-1.an23                        os      
libbluray-bdj.x86_64                                     1.3.4-1.an23                        os      
libbluray-devel.x86_64                                   1.3.4-1.an23                        os      
libbluray-doc.noarch                                     1.3.4-1.an23                        os      
libbluray-utils.x86_64                                   1.3.4-1.an23                        os      
libbpf.x86_64                                            2:1.1.0-2.an23                      os      
libbpf-devel.x86_64                                      2:1.1.0-2.an23                      os      
libbpf-static.x86_64                                     2:1.1.0-2.an23                      os      
libbpf-tools.x86_64                                      0.27.0-1.an23                       os      
libbsd-devel.x86_64                                      0.11.7-1.an23                       os      
libbtrfs.x86_64                                          6.1.2-2.an23                        os      
libbtrfsutil.x86_64                                      6.1.2-2.an23                        os      
libburn.x86_64                                           1.5.4-1.an23                        os      
libburn-devel.x86_64                                     1.5.4-1.an23                        os      
libbytesize.x86_64                                       2.7-2.an23                          os      
libbytesize-devel.x86_64                                 2.7-2.an23                          os      
libbytesize-tools.x86_64                                 2.7-2.an23                          os      
libcacard.x86_64                                         3:2.8.1-1.an23                      os      
libcacard-devel.x86_64                                   3:2.8.1-1.an23                      os      
libcanberra.x86_64                                       0.30-20.an23                        os      
libcanberra-devel.x86_64                                 0.30-20.an23                        os      
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                                  0.30-20.an23                        os      
libcap-devel.x86_64                                      2.69-1.an23                         updates 
libcap-ng-devel.x86_64                                   0.8.3-3.an23                        os      
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                                 0.8.3-3.an23                        os      
libcap-ng-utils.x86_64                                   0.8.3-3.an23                        os      
libcap-static.x86_64                                     2.69-1.an23                         updates 
libcbor-devel.x86_64                                     0.10.2-3.an23                       os      
libcdio.x86_64                                           2.1.0-1.an23                        os      
libcdio-devel.x86_64                                     2.1.0-1.an23                        os      
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                                  10.2+2.0.1-1.an23                   os      
libcdio-paranoia-devel.x86_64                            10.2+2.0.1-1.an23                   os      
libcdio-paranoia-doc.noarch                              10.2+2.0.1-1.an23                   os      
libcephfs-devel.x86_64                                   2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
libcephfs2.x86_64                                        2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
libcephsqlite.x86_64                                     2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
libcephsqlite-devel.x86_64                               2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
libcgroup.x86_64                                         3.0.0-1.an23                        os      
libcgroup-devel.x86_64                                   3.0.0-1.an23                        os      
libcgroup-pam.x86_64                                     3.0.0-1.an23                        os      
libcgroup-tools.x86_64                                   3.0.0-1.an23                        os      
libcloudproviders.x86_64                                 0.3.2-1.an23                        updates 
libcloudproviders-devel.x86_64                           0.3.2-1.an23                        updates 
libcloudproviders-doc.noarch                             0.3.2-1.an23                        updates 
libcmocka.x86_64                                         1.1.7-1.an23                        os      
libcmocka-devel.x86_64                                   1.1.7-1.an23                        os      
libcollection.x86_64                                     0.7.0-4.an23                        os      
libcollection-devel.x86_64                               0.7.0-4.an23                        os      
libcom_err-devel.x86_64                                  1.47.0-1.an23                       updates 
libcomps-devel.x86_64                                    0.1.19-2.an23                       os      
libcomps-doc.noarch                                      0.1.19-2.an23                       os      
libconfig.x86_64                                         1.7.3-3.an23                        os      
libconfig-devel.x86_64                                   1.7.3-3.an23                        os      
libconfuse.x86_64                                        3.3-1.an23                          os      
libconfuse-devel.x86_64                                  3.3-1.an23                          os      
libconfuse-doc.noarch                                    3.3-1.an23                          os      
libcouchbase.x86_64                                      3.3.8-1.an23                        updates 
libcouchbase-devel.x86_64                                3.3.8-1.an23                        updates 
libcouchbase-doc.noarch                                  3.3.8-1.an23                        updates 
libcouchbase-libev.x86_64                                3.3.8-1.an23                        updates 
libcouchbase-libevent.x86_64                             3.3.8-1.an23                        updates 
libcouchbase-libuv.x86_64                                3.3.8-1.an23                        updates 
libcouchbase-tools.x86_64                                3.3.8-1.an23                        updates 
libcurl-devel.x86_64                                     8.5.0-1.an23                        updates 
libcurl-minimal.x86_64                                   8.5.0-1.an23                        updates 
libcxx.x86_64                                            16.0.6-1.an23                       updates 
libcxx-devel.x86_64                                      16.0.6-1.an23                       updates 
libcxx-doc.noarch                                        16.0.6-1.an23                       updates 
libcxx-static.x86_64                                     16.0.6-1.an23                       updates 
libcxxabi.x86_64                                         16.0.6-1.an23                       updates 
libcxxabi-devel.x86_64                                   16.0.6-1.an23                       updates 
libcxxabi-doc.noarch                                     16.0.6-1.an23                       updates 
libcxxabi-static.x86_64                                  16.0.6-1.an23                       updates 
libdaemon.x86_64                                         0.14-16.an23                        os      
libdaemon-devel.x86_64                                   0.14-16.an23                        os      
libdatrie-devel.x86_64                                   0.2.13-6.an23                       os      
libdav1d.x86_64                                          1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
libdav1d-devel.x86_64                                    1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
libdazzle.x86_64                                         3.44.0-1.an23                       os      
libdazzle-devel.x86_64                                   3.44.0-1.an23                       os      
libdazzle-doc.noarch                                     3.44.0-1.an23                       os      
libdb.x86_64                                             5.3.28-1.an23                       os      
libdb-devel.x86_64                                       5.3.28-1.an23                       os      
libdbi.x86_64                                            0.9.0-1.an23                        os      
libdbi-devel.x86_64                                      0.9.0-1.an23                        os      
libdbi-doc.noarch                                        0.9.0-1.an23                        os      
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                       16.04.0-1.an23                      os      
libdbusmenu-devel.x86_64                                 16.04.0-1.an23                      os      
libdbusmenu-gtk2.x86_64                                  16.04.0-1.an23                      os      
libdbusmenu-gtk2-devel.x86_64                            16.04.0-1.an23                      os      
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                                  16.04.0-1.an23                      os      
libdbusmenu-gtk3-devel.x86_64                            16.04.0-1.an23                      os      
libdecor.x86_64                                          0.1.1-1.an23                        os      
libdecor-devel.x86_64                                    0.1.1-1.an23                        os      
libdhash.x86_64                                          0.5.0-4.an23                        os      
libdhash-devel.x86_64                                    0.5.0-4.an23                        os      
libdlb.x86_64                                            7.7.0-3.an23                        updates 
libdlb-devel.x86_64                                      7.7.0-3.an23                        updates 
libdlb-doc.noarch                                        7.7.0-3.an23                        updates 
libdmmp.x86_64                                           0.9.4-1.an23                        os      
libdmmp-devel.x86_64                                     0.9.4-1.an23                        os      
libdmx.x86_64                                            1.1.5-1.an23                        updates 
libdmx-devel.x86_64                                      1.1.5-1.an23                        updates 
libdmx-doc.noarch                                        1.1.5-1.an23                        updates 
libdnf-devel.x86_64                                      0.70.2-1.an23                       updates 
libdnf-doc.noarch                                        0.70.2-1.an23                       updates 
libdrm.x86_64                                            2.4.115-2.an23                      os      
libdrm-devel.x86_64                                      2.4.115-2.an23                      os      
libdv.x86_64                                             1.0.0-1.an23                        os      
libdv-devel.x86_64                                       1.0.0-1.an23                        os      
libdv-doc.noarch                                         1.0.0-1.an23                        os      
libdv-tools.x86_64                                       1.0.0-1.an23                        os      
libdvbv5.x86_64                                          1.24.1-2.an23                       os      
libdvbv5-devel.x86_64                                    1.24.1-2.an23                       os      
libdvdnav.x86_64                                         6.1.1-3.an23                        os      
libdvdnav-devel.x86_64                                   6.1.1-3.an23                        os      
libdvdread.x86_64                                        6.1.3-2.an23                        os      
libdvdread-devel.x86_64                                  6.1.3-2.an23                        os      
libdwarf.x86_64                                          1:0.6.0-1.an23                      os      
libdwarf-devel.x86_64                                    1:0.6.0-1.an23                      os      
libdwarf-doc.noarch                                      1:0.6.0-1.an23                      os      
libdwarf-static.x86_64                                   1:0.6.0-1.an23                      os      
libdwarf-tools.x86_64                                    1:0.6.0-1.an23                      os      
libdwarves.x86_64                                        1.24-2.an23                         os      
libdwarves-devel.x86_64                                  1.24-2.an23                         os      
libecap.x86_64                                           1.0.1-1.an23                        updates 
libecap-devel.x86_64                                     1.0.1-1.an23                        updates 
libecap-doc.noarch                                       1.0.1-1.an23                        updates 
libecb-devel.noarch                                      0.20211217-4.an23                   os      
libecb-doc.noarch                                        0.20211217-4.an23                   os      
libeconf-devel.x86_64                                    0.5.2-1.an23                        updates 
libeconf-doc.noarch                                      0.5.2-1.an23                        updates 
libeconf-utils.x86_64                                    0.5.2-1.an23                        updates 
libedit-devel.x86_64                                     3.1-20221030cvs.1.an23              os      
libell.x86_64                                            0.56-1.an23                         os      
libell-devel.x86_64                                      0.56-1.an23                         os      
libell-doc.noarch                                        0.56-1.an23                         os      
libepoxy.x86_64                                          1.5.10-2.an23                       os      
libepoxy-devel.x86_64                                    1.5.10-2.an23                       os      
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                           1:2.1.5-1.an23                      os      
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                             1:2.1.5-1.an23                      os      
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                             1:2.1.5-1.an23                      os      
libertas-sd8686-firmware.noarch                          20221214-3.an23                     os      
libertas-sd8787-firmware.noarch                          20221214-3.an23                     os      
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                         2:20221214-3.an23                   os      
libertas-usb8388-olpc-firmware.noarch                    20221214-3.an23                     os      
libesmtp.x86_64                                          1.0.6-1.an23                        os      
libesmtp-devel.x86_64                                    1.0.6-1.an23                        os      
libesmtp-doc.noarch                                      1.0.6-1.an23                        os      
libestr.x86_64                                           0.1.11-4.an23                       os      
libestr-devel.x86_64                                     0.1.11-4.an23                       os      
libev.x86_64                                             4.33-3.an23                         os      
libev-devel.x86_64                                       4.33-3.an23                         os      
libev-libevent-devel.x86_64                              4.33-3.an23                         os      
libev-source.noarch                                      4.33-3.an23                         os      
libevdev.x86_64                                          1.13.1-1.an23                       os      
libevdev-devel.x86_64                                    1.13.1-1.an23                       os      
libevdev-utils.x86_64                                    1.13.1-1.an23                       os      
libevent-devel.x86_64                                    2.1.12-3.an23                       os      
libevent-doc.noarch                                      2.1.12-3.an23                       os      
libexif.x86_64                                           0.6.24-3.an23                       os      
libexif-devel.x86_64                                     0.6.24-3.an23                       os      
libfabric.x86_64                                         1.17.1-1.an23                       os      
libfabric-devel.x86_64                                   1.17.1-1.an23                       os      
libfastjson.x86_64                                       0.99.9.1-1.an23                     os      
libfastjson-devel.x86_64                                 0.99.9.1-1.an23                     os      
libfdisk-devel.x86_64                                    2.38.1-1.an23                       os      
libfdt.x86_64                                            1.6.1-3.an23                        os      
libfdt-devel.x86_64                                      1.6.1-3.an23                        os      
libfdt-static.x86_64                                     1.6.1-3.an23                        os      
libffado.x86_64                                          2.4.7-1.an23                        os      
libffado-devel.x86_64                                    2.4.7-1.an23                        os      
libffado-doc.noarch                                      2.4.7-1.an23                        os      
libffi-devel.x86_64                                      3.4.4-1.an23                        os      
libfido2-devel.x86_64                                    1.13.0-2.an23                       os      
libfl-devel.x86_64                                       2.6.4-11.an23                       os      
libfl-static.x86_64                                      2.6.4-11.an23                       os      
libfl2.x86_64                                            2.6.4-11.an23                       os      
libfontenc.x86_64                                        1.1.7-1.an23                        os      
libfontenc-devel.x86_64                                  1.1.7-1.an23                        os      
libfprint.x86_64                                         1.94.5-1.an23                       os      
libfprint-devel.x86_64                                   1.94.5-1.an23                       os      
libftdi.x86_64                                           1.5-1.an23                          os      
libftdi-devel.x86_64                                     1.5-1.an23                          os      
libgcab1.x86_64                                          1.5-2.an23                          os      
libgcab1-devel.x86_64                                    1.5-2.an23                          os      
libgccjit.x86_64                                         12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
libgccjit-devel.x86_64                                   12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
libgcrypt-devel.x86_64                                   1.10.2-1.an23                       os      
libgdata.x86_64                                          0.18.1-1.an23                       os      
libgdata-devel.x86_64                                    0.18.1-1.an23                       os      
libgdata-doc.noarch                                      0.18.1-1.an23                       os      
libgdl.x86_64                                            1:3.40.0-1.an23                     os      
libgdl-devel.x86_64                                      1:3.40.0-1.an23                     os      
libgdl-doc.noarch                                        1:3.40.0-1.an23                     os      
libgee.x86_64                                            0.20.6-1.an23                       os      
libgee-devel.x86_64                                      0.20.6-1.an23                       os      
libgexiv2.x86_64                                         0.14.1-1.an23                       os      
libgexiv2-devel.x86_64                                   0.14.1-1.an23                       os      
libgfapi-devel.x86_64                                    11.0-1.an23                         os      
libgfapi0.x86_64                                         11.0-1.an23                         os      
libgfchangelog0.x86_64                                   11.0-1.an23                         os      
libgfortran.x86_64                                       12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
libgfortran-static.x86_64                                12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
libgfrpc-devel.x86_64                                    11.0-1.an23                         os      
libgfrpc0.x86_64                                         11.0-1.an23                         os      
libgfxdr-devel.x86_64                                    11.0-1.an23                         os      
libgfxdr0.x86_64                                         11.0-1.an23                         os      
libgit2.x86_64                                           1.6.4-1.an23                        updates 
libgit2-devel.x86_64                                     1.6.4-1.an23                        updates 
libgit2-doc.noarch                                       1.6.4-1.an23                        updates 
libglade2.x86_64                                         2.6.4-1.an23                        os      
libglade2-devel.x86_64                                   2.6.4-1.an23                        os      
libglade2-doc.x86_64                                     2.6.4-1.an23                        os      
libglib-testing.x86_64                                   0.1.0-1.an23                        os      
libglib-testing-devel.x86_64                             0.1.0-1.an23                        os      
libglib-testing-doc.noarch                               0.1.0-1.an23                        os      
libglusterfs-devel.x86_64                                11.0-1.an23                         os      
libglusterfs0.x86_64                                     11.0-1.an23                         os      
libglvnd.x86_64                                          1:1.6.0-2.an23                      os      
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                               1:1.6.0-2.an23                      os      
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.6.0-2.an23                      os      
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                      1:1.6.0-2.an23                      os      
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                     1:1.6.0-2.an23                      os      
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                      1:1.6.0-2.an23                      os      
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                                   1:1.6.0-2.an23                      os      
libgnome-keyring.x86_64                                  3.12.0-1.an23                       os      
libgnome-keyring-devel.x86_64                            3.12.0-1.an23                       os      
libgnome-keyring-doc.noarch                              3.12.0-1.an23                       os      
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                       3.28.1-2.an23                       os      
libgnomekbd-devel.x86_64                                 3.28.1-2.an23                       os      
libgomp-offload-nvptx.x86_64                             12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
libgovirt.x86_64                                         0.3.9-1.an23                        os      
libgovirt-devel.x86_64                                   0.3.9-1.an23                        os      
libgovirt-doc.noarch                                     0.3.9-1.an23                        os      
libgpg-error-devel.x86_64                                1.47-1.an23                         os      
libgphoto2.x86_64                                        2.5.30-1.an23                       os      
libgphoto2-devel.x86_64                                  2.5.30-1.an23                       os      
libgphoto2-doc.noarch                                    2.5.30-1.an23                       os      
libgs.x86_64                                             10.01.2-2.an23                      updates 
libgs-devel.x86_64                                       10.01.2-2.an23                      updates 
libgsf.x86_64                                            1.14.50-1.an23                      os      
libgsf-devel.x86_64                                      1.14.50-1.an23                      os      
libgtop2.x86_64                                          2.41.1-1.an23                       os      
libgtop2-devel.x86_64                                    2.41.1-1.an23                       os      
libgudev.x86_64                                          238-1.an23                          updates 
libgudev-devel.x86_64                                    238-1.an23                          updates 
libgudev-doc.noarch                                      238-1.an23                          updates 
libguestfs.x86_64                                        1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
libguestfs-appliance.x86_64                              1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
libguestfs-bash-completion.noarch                        1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
libguestfs-devel.x86_64                                  1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
libguestfs-gobject.x86_64                                1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
libguestfs-gobject-devel.x86_64                          1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
libguestfs-inspect-icons.noarch                          1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
libguestfs-man-pages-ja.noarch                           1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
libguestfs-man-pages-uk.noarch                           1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
libguestfs-rescue.x86_64                                 1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
libguestfs-rsync.x86_64                                  1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
libguestfs-vala.x86_64                                   1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
libguestfs-xfs.x86_64                                    1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
libgusb.x86_64                                           0.4.2-2.an23                        os      
libgusb-devel.x86_64                                     0.4.2-2.an23                        os      
libgweather.x86_64                                       4.2.0-2.an23                        os      
libgweather-devel.x86_64                                 4.2.0-2.an23                        os      
libgxps.x86_64                                           0.3.2-4.an23                        os      
libgxps-devel.x86_64                                     0.3.2-4.an23                        os      
libgxps-tools.x86_64                                     0.3.2-4.an23                        os      
libhandy.x86_64                                          1.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libhandy-devel.x86_64                                    1.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libibumad.x86_64                                         44.0-3.an23                         os      
libibverbs.x86_64                                        44.0-3.an23                         os      
libibverbs-utils.x86_64                                  44.0-3.an23                         os      
libical.x86_64                                           3.0.16-2.an23                       os      
libical-devel.x86_64                                     3.0.16-2.an23                       os      
libical-glib.x86_64                                      3.0.16-2.an23                       os      
libical-glib-devel.x86_64                                3.0.16-2.an23                       os      
libical-glib-doc.noarch                                  3.0.16-2.an23                       os      
libicu.x86_64                                            72.1-1.an23                         os      
libicu-devel.x86_64                                      72.1-1.an23                         os      
libicu-doc.noarch                                        72.1-1.an23                         os      
libid3tag.x86_64                                         0.16.2-1.an23                       os      
libid3tag-devel.x86_64                                   0.16.2-1.an23                       os      
libid3tag-doc.noarch                                     0.16.2-1.an23                       os      
libidn2-devel.x86_64                                     2.3.4-3.an23                        os      
libiec61883.x86_64                                       1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
libiec61883-devel.x86_64                                 1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
libiec61883-doc.noarch                                   1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
libiec61883-utils.x86_64                                 1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
libieee1284.x86_64                                       0.2.11-1.an23                       os      
libieee1284-devel.x86_64                                 0.2.11-1.an23                       os      
libieee1284-doc.noarch                                   0.2.11-1.an23                       os      
libijs.x86_64                                            0.35-1.an23                         os      
libijs-devel.x86_64                                      0.35-1.an23                         os      
libijs-doc.noarch                                        0.35-1.an23                         os      
libimagequant.x86_64                                     2.17.0-1.an23                       os      
libimagequant-devel.x86_64                               2.17.0-1.an23                       os      
libimobiledevice.x86_64                                  1.3.0-2.an23                        os      
libimobiledevice-devel.x86_64                            1.3.0-2.an23                        os      
libimobiledevice-utils.x86_64                            1.3.0-2.an23                        os      
libindicator.x86_64                                      12.10.1-1.an23                      os      
libindicator-devel.x86_64                                12.10.1-1.an23                      os      
libindicator-doc.noarch                                  12.10.1-1.an23                      os      
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                                 12.10.1-1.an23                      os      
libindicator-gtk3-devel.x86_64                           12.10.1-1.an23                      os      
libindicator-gtk3-tools.x86_64                           12.10.1-1.an23                      os      
libindicator-tools.x86_64                                12.10.1-1.an23                      os      
libini_config.x86_64                                     1.3.1-4.an23                        os      
libini_config-devel.x86_64                               1.3.1-4.an23                        os      
libinput.x86_64                                          1.24.0-1.an23                       updates 
libinput-devel.x86_64                                    1.24.0-1.an23                       updates 
libinput-test.x86_64                                     1.24.0-1.an23                       updates 
libinput-utils.x86_64                                    1.24.0-1.an23                       updates 
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                       2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libipa_hbac-devel.x86_64                                 2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libipt.x86_64                                            2.0.5-5.an23                        os      
libipt-devel.x86_64                                      2.0.5-5.an23                        os      
libiptcdata.x86_64                                       1.0.5-3.an23                        os      
libiptcdata-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.5-3.an23                        os      
libiscsi.x86_64                                          1.19.0-1.an23                       os      
libiscsi-devel.x86_64                                    1.19.0-1.an23                       os      
libisoburn.x86_64                                        1.5.4-1.an23                        os      
libisofs.x86_64                                          1.5.4-1.an23                        os      
libisofs-devel.x86_64                                    1.5.4-1.an23                        os      
libitm.x86_64                                            12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
libitm-devel.x86_64                                      12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
libitm-static.x86_64                                     12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
libjaylink.x86_64                                        0.3.0-1.an23                        os      
libjaylink-devel.x86_64                                  0.3.0-1.an23                        os      
libjaylink-doc.noarch                                    0.3.0-1.an23                        os      
libjcat.x86_64                                           0.1.13-1.an23                       os      
libjcat-devel.x86_64                                     0.1.13-1.an23                       os      
libjose.x86_64                                           11-1.an23                           os      
libjose-devel.x86_64                                     11-1.an23                           os      
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                     3.0.0-1.an23                        updates 
libjpeg-turbo-devel.x86_64                               3.0.0-1.an23                        updates 
libjpeg-turbo-doc.noarch                                 3.0.0-1.an23                        updates 
libjpeg-turbo-utils.x86_64                               3.0.0-1.an23                        updates 
libjxl.x86_64                                            1:0.7.0-1.an23                      os      
libjxl-devel.x86_64                                      1:0.7.0-1.an23                      os      
libkadm5.x86_64                                          1.20.2-1.an23                       updates 
libkcapi.x86_64                                          1.4.0-2.an23                        os      
libkcapi-devel.x86_64                                    1.4.0-2.an23                        os      
libkcapi-doc.noarch                                      1.4.0-2.an23                        os      
libkcapi-fipscheck.x86_64                                1.4.0-2.an23                        os      
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                                 1.4.0-2.an23                        os      
libkcapi-static.x86_64                                   1.4.0-2.an23                        os      
libkcapi-tests.x86_64                                    1.4.0-2.an23                        os      
libkcapi-tools.x86_64                                    1.4.0-2.an23                        os      
libksba-devel.x86_64                                     1.6.4-1.an23                        updates 
libksba-doc.noarch                                       1.6.4-1.an23                        updates 
libldac.x86_64                                           2.0.2.3-3.an23                      os      
libldac-devel.x86_64                                     2.0.2.3-3.an23                      os      
libldb.x86_64                                            2.7.2-2.an23                        os      
libldb-devel.x86_64                                      2.7.2-2.an23                        os      
liblockfile.x86_64                                       1.17-2.an23                         os      
liblockfile-devel.x86_64                                 1.17-2.an23                         os      
liblognorm.x86_64                                        2.0.6-1.an23                        os      
liblognorm-devel.x86_64                                  2.0.6-1.an23                        os      
liblouis.x86_64                                          3.25.0-1.an23                       os      
liblouis-devel.x86_64                                    3.25.0-1.an23                       os      
liblouis-utils.x86_64                                    3.25.0-1.an23                       os      
liblsan.x86_64                                           12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
liblsan-static.x86_64                                    12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
libluksmeta.x86_64                                       9-1.an23                            os      
libluksmeta-devel.x86_64                                 9-1.an23                            os      
liblzf.x86_64                                            3.6-25.an23                         os      
liblzf-devel.x86_64                                      3.6-25.an23                         os      
liblzf-doc.noarch                                        3.6-25.an23                         os      
libmatchbox.x86_64                                       1.9-1.an23                          os      
libmatchbox-devel.x86_64                                 1.9-1.an23                          os      
libmatchbox-doc.noarch                                   1.9-1.an23                          os      
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                      1.7.1-1.an23                        os      
libmaxminddb-devel.x86_64                                1.7.1-1.an23                        os      
libmbim.x86_64                                           1.26.4-1.an23                       os      
libmbim-devel.x86_64                                     1.26.4-1.an23                       os      
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                     1.26.4-1.an23                       os      
libmd-devel.x86_64                                       1.0.4-2.an23                        os      
libmemcached-awesome.x86_64                              1.1.4-1.an23                        os      
libmemcached-awesome-devel.x86_64                        1.1.4-1.an23                        os      
libmetalink.x86_64                                       0.1.3-9.an23                        os      
libmetalink-devel.x86_64                                 0.1.3-9.an23                        os      
libmicrohttpd.x86_64                                     1:0.9.75-1.an23                     os      
libmicrohttpd-devel.x86_64                               1:0.9.75-1.an23                     os      
libmng.x86_64                                            2.0.3-8.an23                        os      
libmng-devel.x86_64                                      2.0.3-8.an23                        os      
libmng-doc.noarch                                        2.0.3-8.an23                        os      
libmnl.x86_64                                            1.0.5-1.an23                        os      
libmnl-devel.x86_64                                      1.0.5-1.an23                        os      
libmnl-static.x86_64                                     1.0.5-1.an23                        os      
libmodulemd-devel.x86_64                                 2.14.0-2.an23                       os      
libmount-devel.x86_64                                    2.38.1-1.an23                       os      
libmpc-devel.x86_64                                      1.3.1-1.an23                        os      
libmpc-doc.noarch                                        1.3.1-1.an23                        os      
libmspack.x86_64                                         0.10.1-1.an23                       os      
libmspack-devel.x86_64                                   0.10.1-1.an23                       os      
libmspack-doc.noarch                                     0.10.1-1.an23                       os      
libmtp.x86_64                                            1.1.19-1.an23                       os      
libmtp-devel.x86_64                                      1.1.19-1.an23                       os      
libmtp-doc.noarch                                        1.1.19-1.an23                       os      
libmtp-examples.x86_64                                   1.1.19-1.an23                       os      
libmysofa.x86_64                                         1.3.1-1.an23                        os      
libmysofa-devel.x86_64                                   1.3.1-1.an23                        os      
libnbd.x86_64                                            1.18.1-1.an23                       updates 
libnbd-bash-completion.noarch                            1.18.1-1.an23                       updates 
libnbd-devel.x86_64                                      1.18.1-1.an23                       updates 
libndp.x86_64                                            1.8-2.an23                          os      
libndp-devel.x86_64                                      1.8-2.an23                          os      
libnet.x86_64                                            1.2-2.an23                          os      
libnet-devel.x86_64                                      1.2-2.an23                          os      
libnet-doc.noarch                                        1.2-2.an23                          os      
libnetapi.x86_64                                         4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
libnetapi-devel.x86_64                                   4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                            1.0.9-2.an23                        os      
libnetfilter_conntrack-devel.x86_64                      1.0.9-2.an23                        os      
libnetfilter_cthelper.x86_64                             1.0.1-1.an23                        os      
libnetfilter_cthelper-devel.x86_64                       1.0.1-1.an23                        os      
libnetfilter_cttimeout.x86_64                            1.0.1-1.an23                        os      
libnetfilter_cttimeout-devel.x86_64                      1.0.1-1.an23                        os      
libnetfilter_queue.x86_64                                1.0.5-4.an23                        os      
libnetfilter_queue-devel.x86_64                          1.0.5-4.an23                        os      
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                      1.0.2-1.an23                        os      
libnfnetlink-devel.x86_64                                1.0.2-1.an23                        os      
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                       1:2.6.2-4.an23                      updates 
libnfsidmap-devel.x86_64                                 1:2.6.2-4.an23                      updates 
libnftnl.x86_64                                          1.2.5-1.an23                        os      
libnftnl-devel.x86_64                                    1.2.5-1.an23                        os      
libnghttp2-devel.x86_64                                  1.57.0-1.an23                       updates 
libnice.x86_64                                           0.1.21-2.an23                       os      
libnice-devel.x86_64                                     0.1.21-2.an23                       os      
libnice-gstreamer1.x86_64                                0.1.21-2.an23                       os      
libnl3.x86_64                                            3.7.0-2.an23                        os      
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                        3.7.0-2.an23                        os      
libnl3-devel.x86_64                                      3.7.0-2.an23                        os      
libnl3-doc.x86_64                                        3.7.0-2.an23                        os      
libnma.x86_64                                            1.10.6-2.an23                       os      
libnma-devel.x86_64                                      1.10.6-2.an23                       os      
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                       1.10.6-2.an23                       os      
libnma-gtk4-devel.x86_64                                 1.10.6-2.an23                       os      
libnotify.x86_64                                         0.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libnotify-devel.x86_64                                   0.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libnsl.x86_64                                            2.36-10.an23                        updates 
libnsl2-devel.x86_64                                     2.0.0-5.an23                        os      
libnvme.x86_64                                           1.3-1.an23                          os      
libnvme-devel.x86_64                                     1.3-1.an23                          os      
liboath.x86_64                                           2.6.7-1.an23                        os      
liboath-devel.x86_64                                     2.6.7-1.an23                        os      
liboath-doc.noarch                                       2.6.7-1.an23                        os      
libogg.x86_64                                            2:1.3.5-2.an23                      os      
libogg-devel.x86_64                                      2:1.3.5-2.an23                      os      
libogg-devel-docs.noarch                                 2:1.3.5-2.an23                      os      
libomp.x86_64                                            16.0.6-2.an23                       updates 
libomp-devel.x86_64                                      16.0.6-2.an23                       updates 
libomp-test.x86_64                                       16.0.6-2.an23                       updates 
libosinfo.x86_64                                         1.10.0-3.an23                       os      
libosinfo-devel.x86_64                                   1.10.0-3.an23                       os      
libotf.x86_64                                            0.9.16-2.an23                       os      
libotf-devel.x86_64                                      0.9.16-2.an23                       os      
libpamtest.x86_64                                        1.1.4-1.an23                        os      
libpamtest-devel.x86_64                                  1.1.4-1.an23                        os      
libpamtest-doc.x86_64                                    1.1.4-1.an23                        os      
libpaper.x86_64                                          2.1.0-1.an23                        os      
libpaper-devel.x86_64                                    2.1.0-1.an23                        os      
libpath_utils.x86_64                                     0.2.1-4.an23                        os      
libpath_utils-devel.x86_64                               0.2.1-4.an23                        os      
libpcap.x86_64                                           14:1.10.3-1.an23                    os      
libpcap-devel.x86_64                                     14:1.10.3-1.an23                    os      
libpciaccess.x86_64                                      0.17-1.an23                         os      
libpciaccess-devel.x86_64                                0.17-1.an23                         os      
libpeas.x86_64                                           1.36.0-1.an23                       os      
libpeas-devel.x86_64                                     1.36.0-1.an23                       os      
libpeas-doc.noarch                                       1.36.0-1.an23                       os      
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                       1.36.0-1.an23                       os      
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                            1.36.0-1.an23                       os      
libpfm.x86_64                                            4.12.0-1.an23                       os      
libpfm-devel.x86_64                                      4.12.0-1.an23                       os      
libphodav.x86_64                                         3.0-1.an23                          os      
libphodav-devel.x86_64                                   3.0-1.an23                          os      
libpinyin.x86_64                                         2.8.1-1.an23                        os      
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                    2.8.1-1.an23                        os      
libpinyin-devel.x86_64                                   2.8.1-1.an23                        os      
libpipeline.x86_64                                       1.5.5-2.an23                        os      
libpipeline-devel.x86_64                                 1.5.5-2.an23                        os      
libpkgconf-devel.x86_64                                  1.8.1-4.an23                        os      
libplist.x86_64                                          2.2.0-6.an23                        os      
libplist-devel.x86_64                                    2.2.0-6.an23                        os      
libpmem.x86_64                                           1.12.0-2.an23                       os      
libpmem-devel.x86_64                                     1.12.0-2.an23                       os      
libpmemblk.x86_64                                        1.12.0-2.an23                       os      
libpmemblk-devel.x86_64                                  1.12.0-2.an23                       os      
libpmemobj.x86_64                                        1.12.0-2.an23                       os      
libpmemobj-devel.x86_64                                  1.12.0-2.an23                       os      
libpng.x86_64                                            1:1.6.39-1.an23                     os      
libpng-devel.x86_64                                      1:1.6.39-1.an23                     os      
libpng-static.x86_64                                     1:1.6.39-1.an23                     os      
libpng-tools.x86_64                                      1:1.6.39-1.an23                     os      
libportal.x86_64                                         0.6-1.an23                          os      
libportal-devel.x86_64                                   0.6-1.an23                          os      
libportal-doc.noarch                                     0.6-1.an23                          os      
libportal-gtk3.x86_64                                    0.6-1.an23                          os      
libportal-gtk3-devel.x86_64                              0.6-1.an23                          os      
libportal-gtk4.x86_64                                    0.6-1.an23                          os      
libportal-gtk4-devel.x86_64                              0.6-1.an23                          os      
libportal-qt5.x86_64                                     0.6-1.an23                          os      
libportal-qt5-devel.x86_64                               0.6-1.an23                          os      
libpq.x86_64                                             15.2-3.an23                         os      
libpq-devel.x86_64                                       15.2-3.an23                         os      
libproxy.x86_64                                          0.4.18-3.an23                       os      
libproxy-bin.x86_64                                      0.4.18-3.an23                       os      
libproxy-devel.x86_64                                    0.4.18-3.an23                       os      
libproxy-gnome.x86_64                                    0.4.18-3.an23                       os      
libproxy-networkmanager.x86_64                           0.4.18-3.an23                       os      
libpskc.x86_64                                           2.6.7-1.an23                        os      
libpskc-devel.x86_64                                     2.6.7-1.an23                        os      
libpskc-doc.noarch                                       2.6.7-1.an23                        os      
libpsl-devel.x86_64                                      0.21.1-5.an23                       os      
libpsm2.x86_64                                           11.2.230-1.an23                     os      
libpsm2-devel.x86_64                                     11.2.230-1.an23                     os      
libpwquality-devel.x86_64                                1.4.5-1.an23                        updates 
libpwquality-doc.noarch                                  1.4.5-1.an23                        updates 
libqb.x86_64                                             2.0.8-1.an23                        updates 
libqb-devel.x86_64                                       2.0.8-1.an23                        updates 
libqhull.x86_64                                          1:7.2.1-1.an23                      os      
libqhull_p.x86_64                                        1:7.2.1-1.an23                      os      
libqhull_r.x86_64                                        1:7.2.1-1.an23                      os      
libqmi.x86_64                                            1.30.8-1.an23                       os      
libqmi-devel.x86_64                                      1.30.8-1.an23                       os      
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                      1.30.8-1.an23                       os      
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                      1.2.2-2.an23                        os      
libqrtr-glib-devel.x86_64                                1.2.2-2.an23                        os      
libquadmath.x86_64                                       12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                                 12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
libquadmath-static.x86_64                                12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
librabbitmq.x86_64                                       0.13.0-3.an23                       updates 
librabbitmq-devel.x86_64                                 0.13.0-3.an23                       updates 
librabbitmq-doc.noarch                                   0.13.0-3.an23                       updates 
librados-devel.x86_64                                    2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
librados2.x86_64                                         2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
libradospp-devel.x86_64                                  2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
libradosstriper-devel.x86_64                             2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
libradosstriper1.x86_64                                  2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
libraqm.x86_64                                           0.10.0-1.an23                       os      
libraqm-devel.x86_64                                     0.10.0-1.an23                       os      
libraw1394.x86_64                                        2.1.2-1.an23                        os      
libraw1394-devel.x86_64                                  2.1.2-1.an23                        os      
libraw1394-doc.noarch                                    2.1.2-1.an23                        os      
librbd-devel.x86_64                                      2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
librbd1.x86_64                                           2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
librdkafka.x86_64                                        2.0.2-1.an23                        os      
librdkafka-devel.x86_64                                  2.0.2-1.an23                        os      
librdmacm.x86_64                                         44.0-3.an23                         os      
librdmacm-utils.x86_64                                   44.0-3.an23                         os      
libref_array.x86_64                                      0.1.5-4.an23                        os      
libref_array-devel.x86_64                                0.1.5-4.an23                        os      
librelp.x86_64                                           1.10.0-2.an23                       os      
librelp-devel.x86_64                                     1.10.0-2.an23                       os      
librepo-devel.x86_64                                     1.15.1-1.an23                       os      
libreport.x86_64                                         2.17.6-2.an23                       os      
libreport-cli.x86_64                                     2.17.6-2.an23                       os      
libreport-devel.x86_64                                   2.17.6-2.an23                       os      
libreport-filesystem.noarch                              2.17.6-2.an23                       os      
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                     2.17.6-2.an23                       os      
libreport-gtk-devel.x86_64                               2.17.6-2.an23                       os      
libreport-newt.x86_64                                    2.17.6-2.an23                       os      
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                       2.17.6-2.an23                       os      
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                           2.17.6-2.an23                       os      
libreport-plugin-mailx.x86_64                            2.17.6-2.an23                       os      
libreport-plugin-mantisbt.x86_64                         2.17.6-2.an23                       os      
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64                   2.17.6-2.an23                       os      
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64                  2.17.6-2.an23                       os      
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                          2.17.6-2.an23                       os      
libreport-web.x86_64                                     2.17.6-2.an23                       os      
libreport-web-devel.x86_64                               2.17.6-2.an23                       os      
libreswan.x86_64                                         4.12-1.an23                         updates 
libreswan-doc.noarch                                     4.12-1.an23                         updates 
librevenge.x86_64                                        0.0.5-1.an23                        os      
librevenge-devel.x86_64                                  0.0.5-1.an23                        os      
librgw-devel.x86_64                                      2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
librgw2.x86_64                                           2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
librsvg2.x86_64                                          2.56.3-1.an23                       updates 
librsvg2-devel.x86_64                                    2.56.3-1.an23                       updates 
librsvg2-tools.x86_64                                    2.56.3-1.an23                       updates 
libsamplerate.x86_64                                     0.2.2-1.an23                        os      
libsamplerate-devel.x86_64                               0.2.2-1.an23                        os      
libsane-airscan.x86_64                                   0.99.27-1.an23                      os      
libsass.x86_64                                           3.6.4-1.an23                        os      
libsass-devel.x86_64                                     3.6.4-1.an23                        os      
libsass-doc.noarch                                       3.6.4-1.an23                        os      
libsbc.x86_64                                            2.0-1.an23                          os      
libseccomp.x86_64                                        2.5.4-1.an23                        os      
libseccomp-devel.x86_64                                  2.5.4-1.an23                        os      
libseccomp-static.x86_64                                 2.5.4-1.an23                        os      
libsecret.x86_64                                         0.20.5-1.an23                       os      
libsecret-devel.x86_64                                   0.20.5-1.an23                       os      
libselinux-devel.x86_64                                  3.5-2.an23                          updates 
libselinux-ruby.x86_64                                   3.5-2.an23                          updates 
libselinux-static.x86_64                                 3.5-2.an23                          updates 
libselinux-utils.x86_64                                  3.5-2.an23                          updates 
libsemanage-devel.x86_64                                 3.5-1.an23                          os      
libsemanage-static.x86_64                                3.5-1.an23                          os      
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                    3.5-1.an23                          os      
libsepol-static.x86_64                                   3.5-1.an23                          os      
libserf.x86_64                                           1.3.9-2.an23                        os      
libserf-devel.x86_64                                     1.3.9-2.an23                        os      
libshaderc.x86_64                                        2023.1-1.an23                       os      
libshaderc-devel.x86_64                                  2023.1-1.an23                       os      
libshaderc-static.x86_64                                 2023.1-1.an23                       os      
libshout.x86_64                                          2.4.6-1.an23                        os      
libshout-devel.x86_64                                    2.4.6-1.an23                        os      
libsigc++20.x86_64                                       2.12.0-1.an23                       os      
libsigc++20-devel.x86_64                                 2.12.0-1.an23                       os      
libsigc++20-doc.noarch                                   2.12.0-1.an23                       os      
libsigsegv-devel.x86_64                                  2.14-2.an23                         os      
libsigsegv-static.x86_64                                 2.14-2.an23                         os      
libslirp.x86_64                                          4.7.0-1.an23                        os      
libslirp-devel.x86_64                                    4.7.0-1.an23                        os      
libsmartcols-devel.x86_64                                2.38.1-1.an23                       os      
libsmbclient.x86_64                                      4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
libsmbclient-devel.x86_64                                4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
libsmbios.x86_64                                         2.4.3-3.an23                        os      
libsmbios-devel.x86_64                                   2.4.3-3.an23                        os      
libsmi.x86_64                                            0.4.8-1.an23                        os      
libsmi-devel.x86_64                                      0.4.8-1.an23                        os      
libsmi-doc.noarch                                        0.4.8-1.an23                        os      
libsndfile.x86_64                                        1.2.0-2.an23                        os      
libsndfile-devel.x86_64                                  1.2.0-2.an23                        os      
libsndfile-utils.x86_64                                  1.2.0-2.an23                        os      
libsocket_wrapper_noop.x86_64                            1.4.0-1.an23                        os      
libsocket_wrapper_noop-devel.x86_64                      1.4.0-1.an23                        os      
libsodium.x86_64                                         1.0.18-1.an23                       os      
libsodium-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.18-1.an23                       os      
libsodium-doc.noarch                                     1.0.18-1.an23                       os      
libsodium-static.x86_64                                  1.0.18-1.an23                       os      
libsolv-demo.x86_64                                      0.7.23-2.an23                       os      
libsolv-devel.x86_64                                     0.7.23-2.an23                       os      
libsolv-tools.x86_64                                     0.7.23-2.an23                       os      
libsoup.x86_64                                           2.74.3-1.an23                       os      
libsoup-devel.x86_64                                     2.74.3-1.an23                       os      
libsoup-doc.noarch                                       2.74.3-1.an23                       os      
libsoup3.x86_64                                          3.4.2-1.an23                        os      
libsoup3-devel.x86_64                                    3.4.2-1.an23                        os      
libspectre.x86_64                                        0.2.12-1.an23                       os      
libspectre-devel.x86_64                                  0.2.12-1.an23                       os      
libspectre-doc.noarch                                    0.2.12-1.an23                       os      
libspiro.x86_64                                          20221101-1.an23                     os      
libspiro-devel.x86_64                                    20221101-1.an23                     os      
libsrtp.x86_64                                           2.4.2-3.an23                        os      
libsrtp-devel.x86_64                                     2.4.2-3.an23                        os      
libsrtp-tools.x86_64                                     2.4.2-3.an23                        os      
libss.x86_64                                             1.47.0-1.an23                       updates 
libss-devel.x86_64                                       1.47.0-1.an23                       updates 
libssh-devel.x86_64                                      0.10.5-1.an23                       os      
libssh2.x86_64                                           1.11.0-1.an23                       updates 
libssh2-devel.x86_64                                     1.11.0-1.an23                       updates 
libssh2-docs.noarch                                      1.11.0-1.an23                       updates 
libsss_autofs.x86_64                                     2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                    2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libsss_certmap-devel.x86_64                              2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                      2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libsss_idmap-devel.x86_64                                2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libsss_nss_idmap-devel.x86_64                            2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libsss_simpleifp.x86_64                                  2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libsss_simpleifp-devel.x86_64                            2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                       2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
libstdc++-docs.x86_64                                    12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
libstdc++-static.x86_64                                  12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
libstemmer.x86_64                                        2.2.0-4.an23                        os      
libstemmer-devel.x86_64                                  2.2.0-4.an23                        os      
libstoragemgmt.x86_64                                    1.9.7-1.an23                        os      
libstoragemgmt-devel.x86_64                              1.9.7-1.an23                        os      
libsysfs.x86_64                                          2.1.1-4.an23                        os      
libsysfs-devel.x86_64                                    2.1.1-4.an23                        os      
libsysprof.x86_64                                        3.46.0-1.an23                       os      
libsysprof-ui.x86_64                                     3.46.0-1.an23                       os      
libtalloc.x86_64                                         2.4.1-1.an23                        updates 
libtalloc-devel.x86_64                                   2.4.1-1.an23                        updates 
libtasn1-devel.x86_64                                    4.19.0-2.an23                       os      
libtasn1-tools.x86_64                                    4.19.0-2.an23                       os      
libtdb.x86_64                                            1.4.8-1.an23                        os      
libtdb-devel.x86_64                                      1.4.8-1.an23                        os      
libteam.x86_64                                           1.31-2.an23                         os      
libteam-devel.x86_64                                     1.31-2.an23                         os      
libteam-doc.x86_64                                       1.31-2.an23                         os      
libtevent.x86_64                                         0.14.1-1.an23                       os      
libtevent-devel.x86_64                                   0.14.1-1.an23                       os      
libthai-devel.x86_64                                     0.1.29-3.an23                       os      
libtheora.x86_64                                         2:1.1.1-6.an23                      os      
libtheora-devel.x86_64                                   2:1.1.1-6.an23                      os      
libtheora-devel-docs.noarch                              2:1.1.1-6.an23                      os      
libtiff.x86_64                                           4.5.1-4.an23                        updates 
libtiff-devel.x86_64                                     4.5.1-4.an23                        updates 
libtiff-doc.noarch                                       4.5.1-4.an23                        updates 
libtiff-opengl.x86_64                                    4.5.1-4.an23                        updates 
libtiff-tools.x86_64                                     4.5.1-4.an23                        updates 
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                    0.4.5.2-3.an23                      os      
libtimezonemap-devel.x86_64                              0.4.5.2-3.an23                      os      
libtirpc-devel.x86_64                                    1.3.3-3.an23                        os      
libtool.x86_64                                           2.4.7-4.an23                        os      
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                      2.4.7-4.an23                        os      
libtool-ltdl-devel.x86_64                                2.4.7-4.an23                        os      
libtpms.x86_64                                           0.9.6-1.an23                        os      
libtpms-devel.x86_64                                     0.9.6-1.an23                        os      
libtraceevent.x86_64                                     1.7.1-1.an23                        os      
libtraceevent-devel.x86_64                               1.7.1-1.an23                        os      
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                                 3.5.3-1.an23                        updates 
libtsan.x86_64                                           12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
libtsan-static.x86_64                                    12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
libubsan-static.x86_64                                   12.2.1-7.an23                       updates 
libudfread.x86_64                                        1.1.2-1.an23                        os      
libudfread-devel.x86_64                                  1.1.2-1.an23                        os      
libudfread-doc.noarch                                    1.1.2-1.an23                        os      
libudisks2.x86_64                                        2.9.4-6.an23                        os      
libudisks2-devel.x86_64                                  2.9.4-6.an23                        os      
libuninameslist.x86_64                                   20221022-1.an23                     os      
libuninameslist-devel.x86_64                             20221022-1.an23                     os      
libuninameslist-doc.noarch                               20221022-1.an23                     os      
libunistring-devel.x86_64                                1.1-4.an23                          os      
libunwind.x86_64                                         1.6.2-3.an23                        os      
libunwind-devel.x86_64                                   1.6.2-3.an23                        os      
liburing-devel.x86_64                                    2.3-2.an23                          os      
libusal.x86_64                                           1.1.11-1.an23                       os      
libusb.x86_64                                            1:0.1.7-1.an23                      os      
libusb-devel.x86_64                                      1:0.1.7-1.an23                      os      
libusb-doc.noarch                                        1:0.1.7-1.an23                      os      
libusb-tests-examples.x86_64                             1:0.1.7-1.an23                      os      
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                        2.0.2-2.an23                        os      
libusbmuxd-devel.x86_64                                  2.0.2-2.an23                        os      
libusbmuxd-utils.x86_64                                  2.0.2-2.an23                        os      
libusbx.x86_64                                           1.0.26-1.an23                       os      
libusbx-devel.x86_64                                     1.0.26-1.an23                       os      
libusbx-devel-doc.noarch                                 1.0.26-1.an23                       os      
libusbx-tests-examples.x86_64                            1.0.26-1.an23                       os      
libuser.x86_64                                           0.64-1.an23                         os      
libuser-devel.x86_64                                     0.64-1.an23                         os      
libutempter-devel.x86_64                                 1.2.1-3.an23                        os      
libuuid-devel.x86_64                                     2.38.1-1.an23                       os      
libuv.x86_64                                             1:1.44.2-2.an23                     os      
libuv-devel.x86_64                                       1:1.44.2-2.an23                     os      
libuv-static.x86_64                                      1:1.44.2-2.an23                     os      
libv4l.x86_64                                            1.24.1-2.an23                       os      
libv4l-devel.x86_64                                      1.24.1-2.an23                       os      
libva.x86_64                                             2.17.0-1.an23                       os      
libva-devel.x86_64                                       2.17.0-1.an23                       os      
libvala.x86_64                                           0.56.9-1.an23                       updates 
libvala-devel.x86_64                                     0.56.9-1.an23                       updates 
libvdpau.x86_64                                          1.5-1.an23                          os      
libvdpau-devel.x86_64                                    1.5-1.an23                          os      
libvdpau-docs.noarch                                     1.5-1.an23                          os      
libvdpau-trace.x86_64                                    1.5-1.an23                          os      
libverto-devel.x86_64                                    0.3.2-5.an23                        os      
libverto-glib.x86_64                                     0.3.2-5.an23                        os      
libverto-glib-devel.x86_64                               0.3.2-5.an23                        os      
libverto-libev.x86_64                                    0.3.2-5.an23                        os      
libverto-libev-devel.x86_64                              0.3.2-5.an23                        os      
libverto-libevent.x86_64                                 0.3.2-5.an23                        os      
libverto-libevent-devel.x86_64                           0.3.2-5.an23                        os      
libvirt.x86_64                                           9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-client.x86_64                                    9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-client-qemu.x86_64                               9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                    9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-common.x86_64                             9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                     9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-config-nwfilter.x86_64                    9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64                   9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                     9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                     9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                    9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                        9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                      9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                     9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64                9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64                9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64             9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64               9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64        9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64             9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64               9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64                9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                                9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-lock.x86_64                               9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-log.x86_64                                9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-plugin-lockd.x86_64                       9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-plugin-sanlock.x86_64                     9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-proxy.x86_64                              9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-daemon-qemu.x86_64                               9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-devel.x86_64                                     9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-docs.x86_64                                      9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                                   4.0.0-4.an23                        os      
libvirt-gconfig-devel.x86_64                             4.0.0-4.an23                        os      
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                      4.0.0-4.an23                        os      
libvirt-glib-devel.x86_64                                4.0.0-4.an23                        os      
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                                   4.0.0-4.an23                        os      
libvirt-gobject-devel.x86_64                             4.0.0-4.an23                        os      
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                      9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-nss.x86_64                                       9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvirt-wireshark.x86_64                                 9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
libvisual.x86_64                                         1:0.4.1-1.an23                      os      
libvisual-devel.x86_64                                   1:0.4.1-1.an23                      os      
libvmaf.x86_64                                           2.3.1-1.an23                        os      
libvmaf-devel.x86_64                                     2.3.1-1.an23                        os      
libvncserver.x86_64                                      0.9.13-2.an23                       updates 
libvncserver-devel.x86_64                                0.9.13-2.an23                       updates 
libvncserver-doc.noarch                                  0.9.13-2.an23                       updates 
libvoikko.x86_64                                         4.3.2-1.an23                        os      
libvoikko-devel.x86_64                                   4.3.2-1.an23                        os      
libvorbis.x86_64                                         1:1.3.7-3.an23                      os      
libvorbis-devel.x86_64                                   1:1.3.7-3.an23                      os      
libvorbis-devel-docs.noarch                              1:1.3.7-3.an23                      os      
libvpx.x86_64                                            1.12.0-3.an23                       updates 
libvpx-devel.x86_64                                      1.12.0-3.an23                       updates 
libvpx-doc.noarch                                        1.12.0-3.an23                       updates 
libvpx-utils.x86_64                                      1.12.0-3.an23                       updates 
libwacom.x86_64                                          2.2.0-2.an23                        os      
libwacom-data.noarch                                     2.2.0-2.an23                        os      
libwacom-devel.x86_64                                    2.2.0-2.an23                        os      
libwacom-utils.x86_64                                    2.2.0-2.an23                        os      
libwayland-client.x86_64                                 1.21.0-2.an23                       os      
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                                 1.21.0-2.an23                       os      
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                    1.21.0-2.an23                       os      
libwayland-server.x86_64                                 1.21.0-2.an23                       os      
libwbclient.x86_64                                       4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
libwbclient-devel.x86_64                                 4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
libwebp.x86_64                                           1.3.2-1.an23                        updates 
libwebp-devel.x86_64                                     1.3.2-1.an23                        updates 
libwebp-doc.noarch                                       1.3.2-1.an23                        updates 
libwebp-java.x86_64                                      1.3.2-1.an23                        updates 
libwebp-tools.x86_64                                     1.3.2-1.an23                        updates 
libwmf.x86_64                                            0.2.12-1.an23                       os      
libwmf-devel.x86_64                                      0.2.12-1.an23                       os      
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                       0.2.12-1.an23                       os      
libwnck3.x86_64                                          43.0-1.an23                         os      
libwnck3-devel.x86_64                                    43.0-1.an23                         os      
libwnck3-doc.noarch                                      43.0-1.an23                         os      
libwpd.x86_64                                            0.10.3-1.an23                       os      
libwpd-devel.x86_64                                      0.10.3-1.an23                       os      
libwpe.x86_64                                            1.14.0-3.an23                       os      
libwpe-devel.x86_64                                      1.14.0-3.an23                       os      
libwpg.x86_64                                            0.3.4-1.an23                        os      
libwpg-devel.x86_64                                      0.3.4-1.an23                        os      
libwsman1.x86_64                                         2.7.2-1.an23                        os      
libxcb.x86_64                                            1.16-1.an23                         updates 
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                      1.16-1.an23                         updates 
libxcb-doc.noarch                                        1.16-1.an23                         updates 
libxcrypt-static.x86_64                                  4.4.33-1.an23                       os      
libxcvt.x86_64                                           0.1.2-1.an23                        os      
libxcvt-devel.x86_64                                     0.1.2-1.an23                        os      
libxfce4ui.x86_64                                        4.16.1-1.an23                       os      
libxfce4ui-devel.x86_64                                  4.16.1-1.an23                       os      
libxfce4ui-doc.noarch                                    4.16.1-1.an23                       os      
libxfce4util.x86_64                                      4.16.0-1.an23                       os      
libxfce4util-devel.x86_64                                4.16.0-1.an23                       os      
libxfce4util-doc.noarch                                  4.16.0-1.an23                       os      
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                      1.4.0-2.an23                        os      
libxkbcommon-devel.x86_64                                1.4.0-2.an23                        os      
libxkbcommon-utils.x86_64                                1.4.0-2.an23                        os      
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                                  1.4.0-2.an23                        os      
libxkbcommon-x11-devel.x86_64                            1.4.0-2.an23                        os      
libxkbfile.x86_64                                        1.1.2-1.an23                        os      
libxkbfile-devel.x86_64                                  1.1.2-1.an23                        os      
libxklavier.x86_64                                       5.4-12.an23                         os      
libxklavier-devel.x86_64                                 5.4-12.an23                         os      
libxml++.x86_64                                          2.42.2-1.an23                       os      
libxml++-devel.x86_64                                    2.42.2-1.an23                       os      
libxml++-doc.noarch                                      2.42.2-1.an23                       os      
libxml2-devel.x86_64                                     2.11.5-1.an23                       updates 
libxml2-doc.noarch                                       2.11.5-1.an23                       updates 
libxml2-static.x86_64                                    2.11.5-1.an23                       updates 
libxmlb.x86_64                                           0.3.11-2.an23                       os      
libxmlb-devel.x86_64                                     0.3.11-2.an23                       os      
libxmlb-tests.x86_64                                     0.3.11-2.an23                       os      
libxshmfence.x86_64                                      1.3.2-1.an23                        os      
libxshmfence-devel.x86_64                                1.3.2-1.an23                        os      
libxslt.x86_64                                           1.1.37-1.an23                       os      
libxslt-devel.x86_64                                     1.1.37-1.an23                       os      
libyaml-devel.x86_64                                     0.2.5-3.an23                        os      
libzhuyin.x86_64                                         2.8.1-1.an23                        os      
libzip.x86_64                                            1.9.2-1.an23                        os      
libzip-devel.x86_64                                      1.9.2-1.an23                        os      
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                     1.5.5-1.an23                        os      
libzstd-static.x86_64                                    1.5.5-1.an23                        os      
lilypond.x86_64                                          2.25.1-1.an23                       os      
lilypond-doc.noarch                                      2.25.1-1.an23                       os      
lilypond-emmentaler-fonts.noarch                         2.25.1-1.an23                       os      
lilypond-fonts-common.noarch                             2.25.1-1.an23                       os      
linux-firmware.noarch                                    20221214-3.an23                     os      
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                             20221214-3.an23                     os      
linuxconsoletools.x86_64                                 1.8.1-1.an23                        os      
linuxdoc-tools.x86_64                                    0.9.82-1.an23                       os      
linuxdoc-tools-doc.noarch                                0.9.82-1.an23                       os      
liquidio-firmware.noarch                                 20221214-3.an23                     os      
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                      1.0.19-2.an23                       os      
lksctp-tools-devel.x86_64                                1.0.19-2.an23                       os      
lksctp-tools-doc.x86_64                                  1.0.19-2.an23                       os      
lld.x86_64                                               16.0.6-2.an23                       updates 
lld-devel.x86_64                                         16.0.6-2.an23                       updates 
lld-doc.noarch                                           16.0.6-2.an23                       updates 
lld-libs.x86_64                                          16.0.6-2.an23                       updates 
lldb.x86_64                                              16.0.6-1.an23                       updates 
lldb-devel.x86_64                                        16.0.6-1.an23                       updates 
lldb-doc.noarch                                          16.0.6-1.an23                       updates 
lldpad.x86_64                                            1.1-2.an23                          os      
lldpad-devel.x86_64                                      1.1-2.an23                          os      
llhttp.x86_64                                            8.1.0-1.an23                        os      
llhttp-devel.x86_64                                      8.1.0-1.an23                        os      
llvm.x86_64                                              16.0.6-3.an23                       updates 
llvm-devel.x86_64                                        16.0.6-3.an23                       updates 
llvm-doc.noarch                                          16.0.6-3.an23                       updates 
llvm-googletest.x86_64                                   16.0.6-3.an23                       updates 
llvm-libs.x86_64                                         16.0.6-3.an23                       updates 
llvm-libunwind.x86_64                                    16.0.6-1.an23                       updates 
llvm-libunwind-devel.x86_64                              16.0.6-1.an23                       updates 
llvm-libunwind-doc.noarch                                16.0.6-1.an23                       updates 
llvm-libunwind-static.x86_64                             16.0.6-1.an23                       updates 
llvm-static.x86_64                                       16.0.6-3.an23                       updates 
llvm-test.x86_64                                         16.0.6-3.an23                       updates 
llvm-toolset.noarch                                      16.0.6-3.an23                       updates 
llvm15.x86_64                                            15.0.7-5.an23                       os      
llvm15-devel.x86_64                                      15.0.7-5.an23                       os      
llvm15-doc.noarch                                        15.0.7-5.an23                       os      
llvm15-libs.x86_64                                       15.0.7-5.an23                       os      
llvm15-static.x86_64                                     15.0.7-5.an23                       os      
lm_sensors.x86_64                                        3.6.0-4.an23                        os      
lm_sensors-devel.x86_64                                  3.6.0-4.an23                        os      
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                                   3.6.0-4.an23                        os      
lm_sensors-sensord.x86_64                                3.6.0-4.an23                        os      
lmdb.x86_64                                              0.9.29-4.an23                       os      
lmdb-devel.x86_64                                        0.9.29-4.an23                       os      
lmdb-doc.noarch                                          0.9.29-4.an23                       os      
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                         0.9.29-4.an23                       os      
lockdev.x86_64                                           1.0.4-1.an23                        os      
lockdev-devel.x86_64                                     1.0.4-1.an23                        os      
lockdev-doc.noarch                                       1.0.4-1.an23                        os      
logrotate.x86_64                                         3.21.0-3.an23                       os      
logwatch.noarch                                          7.8-1.an23                          os      
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                              2.91.5-2.an23                       os      
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                               2.91.5-2.an23                       os      
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                            2.95.4-2.an23                       os      
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                              2.92.4-2.an23                       os      
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                               2.5.4-2.an23                        os      
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                               2.94.2-1.an23                       os      
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                                  2.91.2-2.an23                       os      
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                                 2.91.3-2.an23                       os      
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                                2.5.5-2.an23                        os      
lorax.x86_64                                             40.0-1.an23                         updates 
lorax-docs.x86_64                                        40.0-1.an23                         updates 
lorax-lmc-novirt.x86_64                                  40.0-1.an23                         updates 
lorax-lmc-virt.x86_64                                    40.0-1.an23                         updates 
lorax-templates-anolis.noarch                            37.0-1.12.an23                      os      
lorax-templates-generic.x86_64                           40.0-1.an23                         updates 
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                                2.1-1.an23                          os      
lsb-release.noarch                                       3.2-1.an23                          os      
lsb-release-doc.noarch                                   3.2-1.an23                          os      
lshw.x86_64                                              B.02.19.2-4.an23                    os      
lshw-gui.x86_64                                          B.02.19.2-4.an23                    os      
lsof.x86_64                                              4.96.4-1.an23                       os      
lsscsi.x86_64                                            0.32-3.an23                         os      
lttng-ust.x86_64                                         2.13.5-2.an23                       os      
lttng-ust-devel.x86_64                                   2.13.5-2.an23                       os      
lttng-ust-doc.noarch                                     2.13.5-2.an23                       os      
lua-devel.x86_64                                         5.4.6-1.an23                        os      
lua-guestfs.x86_64                                       1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
lua-posix.x86_64                                         36.1-1.an23                         os      
lua-rpm-macros.noarch                                    1-4.an23                            os      
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                                   1-4.an23                            os      
lua-static.x86_64                                        5.4.6-1.an23                        os      
luajit.x86_64                                            2.1.0-0.26beta3.an23                os      
luajit-devel.x86_64                                      2.1.0-0.26beta3.an23                os      
luarocks.noarch                                          3.9.2-1.an23                        os      
luarocks-doc.noarch                                      3.9.2-1.an23                        os      
lujavrite.x86_64                                         1.0.2-1.an23                        os      
lujavrite-doc.noarch                                     1.0.2-1.an23                        os      
luksmeta.x86_64                                          9-1.an23                            os      
lutok.x86_64                                             0.4-19.4.an23                       os      
lutok-devel.x86_64                                       0.4-19.4.an23                       os      
lutok-doc.noarch                                         0.4-19.4.an23                       os      
lutok-tests.x86_64                                       0.4-19.4.an23                       os      
lv2.x86_64                                               1.18.8-1.an23                       os      
lv2-devel.x86_64                                         1.18.8-1.an23                       os      
lv2-doc.noarch                                           1.18.8-1.an23                       os      
lv2-example-plugins.x86_64                               1.18.8-1.an23                       os      
lvm2.x86_64                                              1:2.03.21-1.an23                    os      
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                        1:2.03.21-1.an23                    os      
lvm2-devel.x86_64                                        1:2.03.21-1.an23                    os      
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                         1:2.03.21-1.an23                    os      
lvm2-lockd.x86_64                                        1:2.03.21-1.an23                    os      
lvm2-testsuite.x86_64                                    1:2.03.21-1.an23                    os      
lxc.x86_64                                               5.0.2-1.an23                        os      
lxc-libs.x86_64                                          5.0.2-1.an23                        os      
lynx.x86_64                                              2.8.9-1.an23                        os      
lz4.x86_64                                               1.9.4-1.an23                        os      
lz4-devel.x86_64                                         1.9.4-1.an23                        os      
lz4-static.x86_64                                        1.9.4-1.an23                        os      
lzip.x86_64                                              1.23-1.an23                         os      
lzip-doc.noarch                                          1.23-1.an23                         os      
lzo.x86_64                                               2.10-4.an23                         os      
lzo-devel.x86_64                                         2.10-4.an23                         os      
lzo-minilzo.x86_64                                       2.10-4.an23                         os      
lzop.x86_64                                              1.04-1.an23                         os      
m17n-db.noarch                                           1.8.3-1.an23                        updates 
m17n-db-devel.noarch                                     1.8.3-1.an23                        updates 
m17n-db-doc.noarch                                       1.8.3-1.an23                        updates 
m17n-db-extras.noarch                                    1.8.3-1.an23                        updates 
m17n-lib.x86_64                                          1.8.3-1.an23                        updates 
m17n-lib-devel.x86_64                                    1.8.3-1.an23                        updates 
m17n-lib-doc.noarch                                      1.8.3-1.an23                        updates 
m17n-lib-tools.x86_64                                    1.8.3-1.an23                        updates 
m4.x86_64                                                1.4.19-3.an23                       os      
mailcap.noarch                                           2.1.53-3.an23                       os      
mailx.x86_64                                             12.5-1.an23                         os      
make-devel.x86_64                                        1:4.4.1-1.an23                      os      
malcontent.x86_64                                        0.11.1-2.an23                       os      
malcontent-control.x86_64                                0.11.1-2.an23                       os      
malcontent-devel.x86_64                                  0.11.1-2.an23                       os      
malcontent-libs.x86_64                                   0.11.1-2.an23                       os      
malcontent-pam.x86_64                                    0.11.1-2.an23                       os      
malcontent-tools.x86_64                                  0.11.1-2.an23                       os      
malcontent-ui-devel.x86_64                               0.11.1-2.an23                       os      
malcontent-ui-libs.x86_64                                0.11.1-2.an23                       os      
mallard-rng.noarch                                       1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
mallard-rng-doc.noarch                                   1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
man-db.x86_64                                            2.11.2-3.an23                       os      
man-db-cron.noarch                                       2.11.2-3.an23                       os      
mandoc.x86_64                                            1.14.6-1.an23                       os      
mandoc-devel.x86_64                                      1.14.6-1.an23                       os      
mandoc-doc.noarch                                        1.14.6-1.an23                       os      
mariadb.x86_64                                           3:10.6.13-1.an23                    os      
mariadb-backup.x86_64                                    3:10.6.13-1.an23                    os      
mariadb-common.x86_64                                    3:10.6.13-1.an23                    os      
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                               3.2.7-5.an23                        os      
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                        3.2.7-5.an23                        os      
mariadb-connector-c-devel.x86_64                         3.2.7-5.an23                        os      
mariadb-connector-c-doc.noarch                           3.2.7-5.an23                        os      
mariadb-connector-c-test.x86_64                          3.2.7-5.an23                        os      
mariadb-devel.x86_64                                     3:10.6.13-1.an23                    os      
mariadb-embedded.x86_64                                  3:10.6.13-1.an23                    os      
mariadb-embedded-devel.x86_64                            3:10.6.13-1.an23                    os      
mariadb-errmsg.x86_64                                    3:10.6.13-1.an23                    os      
mariadb-gssapi-server.x86_64                             3:10.6.13-1.an23                    os      
mariadb-oqgraph-engine.x86_64                            3:10.6.13-1.an23                    os      
mariadb-pam.x86_64                                       3:10.6.13-1.an23                    os      
mariadb-server.x86_64                                    3:10.6.13-1.an23                    os      
mariadb-server-galera.x86_64                             3:10.6.13-1.an23                    os      
mariadb-server-utils.x86_64                              3:10.6.13-1.an23                    os      
mariadb-test.x86_64                                      3:10.6.13-1.an23                    os      
marshalparser.noarch                                     0.3.4-1.an23                        os      
marshalparser-doc.noarch                                 0.3.4-1.an23                        os      
matchbox-window-manager.x86_64                           1.2-1.20070628svn.an23              os      
matchbox-window-manager-doc.noarch                       1.2-1.20070628svn.an23              os      
maven.noarch                                             1:3.8.5-1.an23                      os      
maven-antrun-plugin.noarch                               3.1.0-1.an23                        os      
maven-antrun-plugin-javadoc.noarch                       3.1.0-1.an23                        os      
maven-archiver.noarch                                    3.5.2-1.an23                        os      
maven-common-artifact-filters.noarch                     3.2.0-1.an23                        os      
maven-compiler-plugin.noarch                             3.10.1-1.an23                       os      
maven-file-management.noarch                             1:3.0.0-1.an23                      os      
maven-filtering.noarch                                   3.2.0-1.an23                        os      
maven-jar-plugin.noarch                                  3.2.2-1.an23                        os      
maven-lib.noarch                                         1:3.8.5-1.an23                      os      
maven-local.noarch                                       6.1.0-4.an23                        os      
maven-local-openjdk11.noarch                             6.1.0-4.an23                        os      
maven-local-openjdk17.noarch                             6.1.0-4.an23                        os      
maven-local-openjdk8.noarch                              6.1.0-4.an23                        os      
maven-openjdk8.noarch                                    1:3.8.5-1.an23                      os      
maven-resolver.noarch                                    1:1.7.3-1.an23                      os      
maven-resolver-javadoc.noarch                            1:1.7.3-1.an23                      os      
maven-resources-plugin.noarch                            3.2.0-1.an23                        os      
maven-shared-incremental.noarch                          1.1-17.an23                         os      
maven-shared-io.noarch                                   1:3.0.0-8.an23                      os      
maven-shared-utils.noarch                                3.3.4-1.an23                        os      
maven-shared-utils-javadoc.noarch                        3.3.4-1.an23                        os      
maven-surefire.noarch                                    3.0.0~M6-1.an23                     os      
maven-surefire-plugin.noarch                             3.0.0~M6-1.an23                     os      
maven-surefire-provider-junit.noarch                     3.0.0~M6-1.an23                     os      
maven-surefire-provider-junit5.noarch                    3.0.0~M6-1.an23                     os      
maven-surefire-provider-testng.noarch                    3.0.0~M6-1.an23                     os      
maven-verifier.noarch                                    1.7.2-1.an23                        os      
maven-verifier-javadoc.noarch                            1.7.2-1.an23                        os      
maven-wagon.noarch                                       3.5.1-1.an23                        os      
maven-wagon-javadoc.noarch                               3.5.1-1.an23                        os      
mcelog.x86_64                                            3:194-1.an23                        os      
mcstrans.x86_64                                          3.5-2.an23                          os      
mdadm.x86_64                                             4.2-3.an23                          os      
mdevctl.x86_64                                           1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
mecab.x86_64                                             0.996-3.an23                        os      
mecab-devel.x86_64                                       0.996-3.an23                        os      
mecab-doc.x86_64                                         0.996-3.an23                        os      
memcached.x86_64                                         1.6.22-1.an23                       updates 
memcached-devel.x86_64                                   1.6.22-1.an23                       updates 
memcached-doc.noarch                                     1.6.22-1.an23                       updates 
memcached-selinux.x86_64                                 1.6.22-1.an23                       updates 
memstrack.x86_64                                         0.2.2-3.an23                        os      
mercurial.x86_64                                         6.3.3-1.an23                        os      
mercurial-chg.x86_64                                     6.3.3-1.an23                        os      
mercurial-doc.noarch                                     6.3.3-1.an23                        os      
mercurial-hgk.x86_64                                     6.3.3-1.an23                        os      
mesa-demos.x86_64                                        9.0.0-1.an23                        os      
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                                  23.1.8-1.an23                       updates 
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                                   23.1.8-1.an23                       updates 
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                       23.1.8-1.an23                       updates 
mesa-libEGL-devel.x86_64                                 23.1.8-1.an23                       updates 
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                        23.1.8-1.an23                       updates 
mesa-libGL-devel.x86_64                                  23.1.8-1.an23                       updates 
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                       9.0.3-1.an23                        updates 
mesa-libGLU-devel.x86_64                                 9.0.3-1.an23                        updates 
mesa-libOSMesa.x86_64                                    23.1.8-1.an23                       updates 
mesa-libOSMesa-devel.x86_64                              23.1.8-1.an23                       updates 
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                       23.1.8-1.an23                       updates 
mesa-libgbm-devel.x86_64                                 23.1.8-1.an23                       updates 
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                     23.1.8-1.an23                       updates 
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                                 23.1.8-1.an23                       updates 
mesa-libxatracker-devel.x86_64                           23.1.8-1.an23                       updates 
mesa-va-drivers.x86_64                                   23.1.8-1.an23                       updates 
mesa-vdpau-drivers.x86_64                                23.1.8-1.an23                       updates 
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                               23.1.8-1.an23                       updates 
meson.noarch                                             1.1.1-1.an23                        os      
mftrace.x86_64                                           1.2.20-1.an23                       os      
mftrace-doc.noarch                                       1.2.20-1.an23                       os      
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                     20230808-1.an23                     updates 
microdnf.x86_64                                          3.9.1-1.an23                        os      
microdnf-doc.noarch                                      3.9.1-1.an23                        os      
mimalloc.x86_64                                          2.1.1-1.an23                        os      
mimalloc-devel.x86_64                                    2.1.1-1.an23                        os      
miniz.x86_64                                             2.2.0-1.an23                        os      
miniz-devel.x86_64                                       2.2.0-1.an23                        os      
miniz-doc.noarch                                         2.2.0-1.an23                        os      
minizip-compat.x86_64                                    1.2.13-2.an23                       updates 
minizip-compat-devel.x86_64                              1.2.13-2.an23                       updates 
minizip-ng.x86_64                                        3.0.10-1.an23                       os      
minizip-ng-devel.x86_64                                  3.0.10-1.an23                       os      
minizip-ng-doc.noarch                                    3.0.10-1.an23                       os      
mkfontscale.x86_64                                       1.2.2-2.an23                        os      
mlocate.x86_64                                           0.26-1.an23                         os      
mm-common.noarch                                         1.0.5-1.an23                        os      
mm-common-doc.noarch                                     1.0.5-1.an23                        os      
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                    20230416-1.an23                     os      
mobile-broadband-provider-info-devel.noarch              20230416-1.an23                     os      
mock.x86_64                                              3.5-2.an23                          os      
mock-filesystem.x86_64                                   3.5-2.an23                          os      
mock-lvm.x86_64                                          3.5-2.an23                          os      
mock-scm.x86_64                                          3.5-2.an23                          os      
mockito.noarch                                           3.12.4-1.an23                       os      
mockito-inline.noarch                                    3.12.4-1.an23                       os      
mockito-javadoc.noarch                                   3.12.4-1.an23                       os      
mod_auth_gssapi.x86_64                                   1.6.5-1.an23                        os      
mod_dav_svn.x86_64                                       1.14.2-3.an23                       updates 
mod_http2.x86_64                                         1.15.28-2.an23                      os      
mod_ldap.x86_64                                          2.4.58-1.an23                       updates 
mod_lua.x86_64                                           2.4.58-1.an23                       updates 
mod_proxy_html.x86_64                                    1:2.4.58-1.an23                     updates 
mod_session.x86_64                                       2.4.58-1.an23                       updates 
mod_ssl.x86_64                                           1:2.4.58-1.an23                     updates 
modulemaker-maven-plugin.noarch                          1.9-1.an23                          os      
modulemaker-maven-plugin-javadoc.noarch                  1.9-1.an23                          os      
mokutil.x86_64                                           1:0.5.0-3.an23                      os      
mold.x86_64                                              1.11.0-1.an23                       os      
mousetweaks.x86_64                                       3.32.0-1.an23                       os      
mousetweaks-doc.noarch                                   3.32.0-1.an23                       os      
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                                1.9-1.an23                          os      
mozjs102.x86_64                                          102.15.0-1.an23                     updates 
mozjs102-devel.x86_64                                    102.15.0-1.an23                     updates 
mozjs102-doc.noarch                                      102.15.0-1.an23                     updates 
mozjs78.x86_64                                           78.15.0-3.an23                      os      
mozjs78-devel.x86_64                                     78.15.0-3.an23                      os      
mpdecimal-devel.x86_64                                   2.5.1-3.an23                        os      
mpdecimal-doc.noarch                                     2.5.1-3.an23                        os      
mpfr-devel.x86_64                                        4.2.1-1.an23                        updates 
mpfr-doc.noarch                                          4.2.1-1.an23                        updates 
mpg123.x86_64                                            1.31.1-1.an23                       os      
mpg123-devel.x86_64                                      1.31.1-1.an23                       os      
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                       1.31.1-1.an23                       os      
mpg123-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                         1.31.1-1.an23                       os      
mpich.x86_64                                             4.0.3-1.an23                        os      
mpich-devel.x86_64                                       4.0.3-1.an23                        os      
mrvlprestera-firmware.noarch                             20221214-3.an23                     os      
msghack.noarch                                           0.21.1-4.an23                       os      
mt-st.x86_64                                             1.4-1.an23                          os      
mtdev.x86_64                                             1.1.6-3.an23                        os      
mtdev-devel.x86_64                                       1.1.6-3.an23                        os      
mtools.x86_64                                            4.0.42-1.an23                       os      
mtr.x86_64                                               2:0.95-3.an23                       os      
mtr-gtk.x86_64                                           2:0.95-3.an23                       os      
munge-devel.x86_64                                       0.5.15-1.an23                       os      
munge-libs.x86_64                                        0.5.15-1.an23                       os      
mupdf.x86_64                                             1.23.2-1.an23                       updates 
mupdf-devel.x86_64                                       1.23.2-1.an23                       updates 
mupdf-doc.noarch                                         1.23.2-1.an23                       updates 
mutter.x86_64                                            44.3-1.an23                         updates 
mutter-devel.x86_64                                      44.3-1.an23                         updates 
mutter-doc.noarch                                        44.3-1.an23                         updates 
mutter-tests.x86_64                                      44.3-1.an23                         updates 
mysql.x86_64                                             8.0.33-1.an23                       updates 
mysql-common.x86_64                                      8.0.33-1.an23                       updates 
mysql-devel.x86_64                                       8.0.33-1.an23                       updates 
mysql-errmsg.x86_64                                      8.0.33-1.an23                       updates 
mysql-libs.x86_64                                        8.0.33-1.an23                       updates 
mysql-selinux.noarch                                     1.0.5-2.an23                        os      
mysql-server.x86_64                                      8.0.33-1.an23                       updates 
mysql-test.x86_64                                        8.0.33-1.an23                       updates 
nano.x86_64                                              7.2-1.an23                          os      
nasm.x86_64                                              2.16.01-1.an23                      os      
nasm-doc.noarch                                          2.16.01-1.an23                      os      
nautilus.x86_64                                          44.1-1.an23                         os      
nautilus-devel.x86_64                                    44.1-1.an23                         os      
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                               44.1-1.an23                         os      
nbdfuse.x86_64                                           1.18.1-1.an23                       updates 
ncompress.x86_64                                         5.0-1.an23                          os      
ncompress-doc.noarch                                     5.0-1.an23                          os      
ncurses-c++-libs.x86_64                                  6.4.20230520-1.an23                 os      
ncurses-compat-libs.x86_64                               6.4.20230520-1.an23                 os      
ncurses-devel.x86_64                                     6.4.20230520-1.an23                 os      
ncurses-static.x86_64                                    6.4.20230520-1.an23                 os      
ncurses-term.noarch                                      6.4.20230520-1.an23                 os      
ndctl.x86_64                                             73-2.an23                           os      
ndctl-devel.x86_64                                       73-2.an23                           os      
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                        73-2.an23                           os      
nerdctl.x86_64                                           1.2.1-1.an23                        os      
nerdctl-doc.noarch                                       1.2.1-1.an23                        os      
net-snmp.x86_64                                          1:5.9.3-4.an23                      os      
net-snmp-agent-libs.x86_64                               1:5.9.3-4.an23                      os      
net-snmp-devel.x86_64                                    1:5.9.3-4.an23                      os      
net-snmp-gui.x86_64                                      1:5.9.3-4.an23                      os      
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                     1:5.9.3-4.an23                      os      
net-snmp-perl.x86_64                                     1:5.9.3-4.an23                      os      
net-snmp-utils.x86_64                                    1:5.9.3-4.an23                      os      
net-tools.x86_64                                         2.10-2.an23                         os      
netconsole-service.noarch                                10.17-4.an23                        os      
netpbm.x86_64                                            11.01.00-2.an23                     os      
netpbm-devel.x86_64                                      11.01.00-2.an23                     os      
netpbm-progs.x86_64                                      11.01.00-2.an23                     os      
netperf.x86_64                                           2.7.0-1.an23                        os      
netperf-doc.noarch                                       2.7.0-1.an23                        os      
netronome-firmware.noarch                                20221214-3.an23                     os      
nettle-devel.x86_64                                      3.9.1-1.an23                        os      
network-manager-applet.x86_64                            1.32.0-2.an23                       os      
network-manager-applet-icons.noarch                      1.32.0-2.an23                       os      
network-scripts.x86_64                                   10.17-4.an23                        os      
network-scripts-openvswitch.x86_64                       2.17.6-1.an23                       os      
network-scripts-ppp.x86_64                               2.5.0-1.an23                        updates 
network-scripts-teamd.x86_64                             1.31-2.an23                         os      
newt.x86_64                                              0.52.23-1.an23                      os      
newt-devel.x86_64                                        0.52.23-1.an23                      os      
nfs-stats-utils.x86_64                                   1:2.6.2-4.an23                      updates 
nfs-utils.x86_64                                         1:2.6.2-4.an23                      updates 
nfs-utils-coreos.x86_64                                  1:2.6.2-4.an23                      updates 
nfs-utils-doc.noarch                                     1:2.6.2-4.an23                      updates 
nfs4-acl-tools.x86_64                                    0.4.2-1.an23                        os      
nfsv4-client-utils.x86_64                                1:2.6.2-4.an23                      updates 
nftables.x86_64                                          1:1.0.7-2.an23                      os      
nftables-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.0.7-2.an23                      os      
nghttp2.x86_64                                           1.57.0-1.an23                       updates 
nghttp2-doc.noarch                                       1.57.0-1.an23                       updates 
nginx.x86_64                                             1:1.24.0-2.an23                     os      
nginx-all-modules.noarch                                 1:1.24.0-2.an23                     os      
nginx-core.x86_64                                        1:1.24.0-2.an23                     os      
nginx-filesystem.noarch                                  1:1.24.0-2.an23                     os      
nginx-mimetypes.noarch                                   2.1.53-3.an23                       os      
nginx-mod-devel.x86_64                                   1:1.24.0-2.an23                     os      
nginx-mod-http-image-filter.x86_64                       1:1.24.0-2.an23                     os      
nginx-mod-http-perl.x86_64                               1:1.24.0-2.an23                     os      
nginx-mod-http-xslt-filter.x86_64                        1:1.24.0-2.an23                     os      
nginx-mod-mail.x86_64                                    1:1.24.0-2.an23                     os      
nginx-mod-stream.x86_64                                  1:1.24.0-2.an23                     os      
ninja-build.x86_64                                       1.11.1-2.an23                       os      
ninja-build-doc.noarch                                   1.11.1-2.an23                       os      
nload.x86_64                                             0.7.4-1.an23                        os      
nload-doc.noarch                                         0.7.4-1.an23                        os      
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                              1.32.0-2.an23                       os      
nmap.x86_64                                              3:7.94-1.an23                       os      
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                         3:7.94-1.an23                       os      
nodejs.x86_64                                            1:16.17.0-1.an23                    os      
nodejs-devel.x86_64                                      1:16.17.0-1.an23                    os      
nodejs-docs.noarch                                       1:16.17.0-1.an23                    os      
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                                  1:16.17.0-1.an23                    os      
nodejs-libs.x86_64                                       1:16.17.0-1.an23                    os      
nodejs-packaging.noarch                                  2023.03-1.an23                      os      
nodejs-packaging-bundler.noarch                          2023.03-1.an23                      os      
noslate-anode.x86_64                                     1:18.17.1-1.an23                    updates 
noslate-anode-devel.x86_64                               1:18.17.1-1.an23                    updates 
noslate-anode-docs.noarch                                1:18.17.1-1.an23                    updates 
noslate-anode-full-i18n.noarch                           1:18.17.1-1.an23                    updates 
noslate-anode-libs.x86_64                                1:18.17.1-1.an23                    updates 
noslate-anode-npm.x86_64                                 1:9.6.7-1.18.17.1.1.an23            updates 
npm.x86_64                                               1:8.15.0-1.16.17.0.1.an23           os      
npth-devel.x86_64                                        1.6-3.an23                          os      
nspr.x86_64                                              4.35-1.an23                         os      
nspr-devel.x86_64                                        4.35-1.an23                         os      
nss.x86_64                                               3.93-1.an23                         updates 
nss-altfiles.x86_64                                      2.23.0-1.an23                       os      
nss-devel.x86_64                                         3.93-1.an23                         updates 
nss-doc.noarch                                           3.93-1.an23                         updates 
nss-mdns.x86_64                                          0.15.1-1.an23                       os      
nss-mdns-doc.noarch                                      0.15.1-1.an23                       os      
nss-pkcs11-devel.x86_64                                  3.93-1.an23                         updates 
nss-softokn.x86_64                                       3.93-1.an23                         updates 
nss-softokn-devel.x86_64                                 3.93-1.an23                         updates 
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                                3.93-1.an23                         updates 
nss-softokn-freebl-devel.x86_64                          3.93-1.an23                         updates 
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                       3.93-1.an23                         updates 
nss-tools.x86_64                                         3.93-1.an23                         updates 
nss-util.x86_64                                          3.93-1.an23                         updates 
nss-util-devel.x86_64                                    3.93-1.an23                         updates 
nss_db.x86_64                                            2.36-10.an23                        updates 
nss_hesiod.x86_64                                        2.36-10.an23                        updates 
nss_wrapper.x86_64                                       1.1.15-1.an23                       os      
nss_wrapper-doc.noarch                                   1.1.15-1.an23                       os      
nss_wrapper-libs.x86_64                                  1.1.15-1.an23                       os      
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                           2:2022.10.3-1.an23                  os      
ntfs-3g-devel.x86_64                                     2:2022.10.3-1.an23                  os      
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                      2:2022.10.3-1.an23                  os      
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                        1.0-2.an23                          os      
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                         2:2022.10.3-1.an23                  os      
ntsysv.x86_64                                            1.21-2.an23                         os      
numactl.x86_64                                           2.0.16-1.an23                       os      
numactl-devel.x86_64                                     2.0.16-1.an23                       os      
numad.x86_64                                             0.5-1.20150602git.an23              os      
numatop.x86_64                                           2.3-1.an23                          os      
numatop-doc.noarch                                       2.3-1.an23                          os      
nv-codec-headers.noarch                                  12.0.16.0-1.an23                    os      
nv-codec-headers-doc.noarch                              12.0.16.0-1.an23                    os      
nvme-cli.x86_64                                          2.3-1.an23                          os      
nydus-rs.x86_64                                          2.1.4-2.an23                        os      
nydus-snapshotter.x86_64                                 0.5.1-1.an23                        os      
oathtool.x86_64                                          2.6.7-1.an23                        os      
objectweb-asm.noarch                                     9.5-1.an23                          os      
objenesis.noarch                                         3.3-1.an23                          os      
objenesis-javadoc.noarch                                 3.3-1.an23                          os      
ocaml.x86_64                                             4.14.0-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-alcotest.x86_64                                    1.6.0-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-alcotest-devel.x86_64                              1.6.0-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-alcotest-doc.noarch                                1.6.0-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-astring.x86_64                                     0.8.5-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-astring-devel.x86_64                               0.8.5-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-astring-doc.noarch                                 0.8.5-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-augeas.x86_64                                      0.6-1.an23                          os      
ocaml-augeas-devel.x86_64                                0.6-1.an23                          os      
ocaml-base.x86_64                                        0.15.0-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-base-devel.x86_64                                  0.15.0-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-base-doc.noarch                                    0.15.0-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-bigarray-compat.x86_64                             1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-bigarray-compat-devel.x86_64                       1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-bigarray-compat-doc.noarch                         1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-bisect-ppx.x86_64                                  2.8.1-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-bisect-ppx-devel.x86_64                            2.8.1-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-bisect-ppx-doc.noarch                              2.8.1-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-calendar.x86_64                                    2.04-1.an23                         os      
ocaml-calendar-devel.x86_64                              2.04-1.an23                         os      
ocaml-calendar-doc.noarch                                2.04-1.an23                         os      
ocaml-cinaps.x86_64                                      0.15.1-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-cinaps-devel.x86_64                                0.15.1-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-cinaps-doc.noarch                                  0.15.1-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-cmdliner.x86_64                                    1.1.1-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-cmdliner-devel.x86_64                              1.1.1-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-cmdliner-doc.noarch                                1.1.1-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-compiler-libs.x86_64                               4.14.0-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-compiler-libs-janestreet.x86_64                    0.12.4-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-compiler-libs-janestreet-devel.x86_64              0.12.4-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-compiler-libs-janestreet-doc.noarch                0.12.4-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-cppo.x86_64                                        1.6.9-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-cppo-doc.noarch                                    1.6.9-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-cppo-ocamlbuild.x86_64                             1.6.9-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-csexp.x86_64                                       1.5.1-2.an23                        os      
ocaml-csexp-devel.x86_64                                 1.5.1-2.an23                        os      
ocaml-csexp-doc.noarch                                   1.5.1-2.an23                        os      
ocaml-ctypes.x86_64                                      0.20.2-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-ctypes-devel.x86_64                                0.20.2-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-ctypes-doc.noarch                                  0.20.2-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-curses.x86_64                                      1.0.4-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-curses-devel.x86_64                                1.0.4-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-curses-doc.noarch                                  1.0.4-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-dune.x86_64                                        2.9.3-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-dune-devel.x86_64                                  2.9.3-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-dune-doc.noarch                                    2.9.3-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-dune-emacs.noarch                                  2.9.3-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-fileutils.x86_64                                   0.5.3-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-fileutils-devel.x86_64                             0.5.3-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-fileutils-doc.noarch                               0.5.3-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-findlib.x86_64                                     1.9.6-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-findlib-devel.x86_64                               1.9.6-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-findlib-doc.noarch                                 1.9.6-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-fmt.x86_64                                         0.9.0-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-fmt-devel.x86_64                                   0.9.0-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-fmt-doc.noarch                                     0.9.0-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-gettext.x86_64                                     0.4.2-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-gettext-devel.x86_64                               0.4.2-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-gettext-doc.noarch                                 0.4.2-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-hivex.x86_64                                       1.3.23-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-hivex-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.23-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-integers.x86_64                                    0.7.0-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-integers-devel.x86_64                              0.7.0-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-integers-doc.noarch                                0.7.0-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-labltk.x86_64                                      8.06.13-1.an23                      os      
ocaml-labltk-devel.x86_64                                8.06.13-1.an23                      os      
ocaml-labltk-doc.noarch                                  8.06.13-1.an23                      os      
ocaml-libguestfs.x86_64                                  1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
ocaml-libguestfs-devel.x86_64                            1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
ocaml-libvirt.x86_64                                     0.6.1.7-1.an23                      os      
ocaml-libvirt-devel.x86_64                               0.6.1.7-1.an23                      os      
ocaml-libvirt-doc.noarch                                 0.6.1.7-1.an23                      os      
ocaml-luv.x86_64                                         0.5.11-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-luv-devel.x86_64                                   0.5.11-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-luv-doc.noarch                                     0.5.11-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-lwt.x86_64                                         5.4.2-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-lwt-devel.x86_64                                   5.4.2-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-lwt-doc.noarch                                     5.4.2-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-lwt-luv.x86_64                                     5.4.2-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-lwt-luv-devel.x86_64                               5.4.2-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-lwt-ppx.x86_64                                     5.4.2-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-lwt-ppx-devel.x86_64                               5.4.2-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-lwt-react.x86_64                                   5.4.2-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-lwt-react-devel.x86_64                             5.4.2-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-mmap.x86_64                                        1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-mmap-devel.x86_64                                  1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-mmap-doc.noarch                                    1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-ocamlbuild.x86_64                                  0.14.2-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-ocamlbuild-devel.x86_64                            0.14.2-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-ocamlbuild-doc.x86_64                              0.14.2-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-ocamldoc.x86_64                                    4.14.0-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-ocplib-endian.x86_64                               1.2-1.an23                          os      
ocaml-ocplib-endian-devel.x86_64                         1.2-1.an23                          os      
ocaml-ocplib-endian-doc.noarch                           1.2-1.an23                          os      
ocaml-ounit.x86_64                                       2.2.6-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-ounit-devel.x86_64                                 2.2.6-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-ounit-doc.noarch                                   2.2.6-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-ounit-lwt.x86_64                                   2.2.6-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-ounit-lwt-devel.x86_64                             2.2.6-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-ppx-derivers.x86_64                                1.2.1-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-ppx-derivers-devel.x86_64                          1.2.1-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-ppx-derivers-doc.noarch                            1.2.1-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-ppxlib.x86_64                                      1:0.29.1-1.an23                     os      
ocaml-ppxlib-devel.x86_64                                1:0.29.1-1.an23                     os      
ocaml-ppxlib-doc.noarch                                  1:0.29.1-1.an23                     os      
ocaml-re.x86_64                                          1.10.4-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-re-devel.x86_64                                    1.10.4-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-re-doc.noarch                                      1.10.4-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-react.x86_64                                       1.2.2-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-react-devel.x86_64                                 1.2.2-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-react-doc.noarch                                   1.2.2-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-result.x86_64                                      1.5-1.an23                          os      
ocaml-result-devel.x86_64                                1.5-1.an23                          os      
ocaml-result-doc.noarch                                  1.5-1.an23                          os      
ocaml-runtime.x86_64                                     4.14.0-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-seq.x86_64                                         0.3.1-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-seq-devel.x86_64                                   0.3.1-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-seq-doc.noarch                                     0.3.1-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-sexplib0.x86_64                                    0.15.1-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-sexplib0-devel.x86_64                              0.15.1-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-sexplib0-doc.noarch                                0.15.1-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-stdio.x86_64                                       0.15.0-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-stdio-devel.x86_64                                 0.15.0-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-stdio-doc.noarch                                   0.15.0-1.an23                       os      
ocaml-topkg.x86_64                                       1.0.7-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-topkg-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.7-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-topkg-doc.noarch                                   1.0.7-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-uutf.x86_64                                        1.0.3-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-uutf-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.3-1.an23                        os      
ocaml-uutf-doc.noarch                                    1.0.3-1.an23                        os      
oniguruma.x86_64                                         6.9.8-2.an23                        os      
oniguruma-devel.x86_64                                   6.9.8-2.an23                        os      
openal-soft.x86_64                                       1.23.0-1.an23                       os      
openal-soft-devel.x86_64                                 1.23.0-1.an23                       os      
openal-soft-doc.noarch                                   1.23.0-1.an23                       os      
openal-soft-examples.x86_64                              1.23.0-1.an23                       os      
openal-soft-qt.x86_64                                    1.23.0-1.an23                       os      
openblas.x86_64                                          0.3.23-3.an23                       updates 
openblas-devel.x86_64                                    0.3.23-3.an23                       updates 
openblas-openmp.x86_64                                   0.3.23-3.an23                       updates 
openblas-openmp64.x86_64                                 0.3.23-3.an23                       updates 
openblas-openmp64_.x86_64                                0.3.23-3.an23                       updates 
openblas-serial.x86_64                                   0.3.23-3.an23                       updates 
openblas-serial64.x86_64                                 0.3.23-3.an23                       updates 
openblas-serial64_.x86_64                                0.3.23-3.an23                       updates 
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                              2-1.an23                            os      
openblas-static.x86_64                                   0.3.23-3.an23                       updates 
openblas-threads.x86_64                                  0.3.23-3.an23                       updates 
openblas-threads64.x86_64                                0.3.23-3.an23                       updates 
openblas-threads64_.x86_64                               0.3.23-3.an23                       updates 
opencl-filesystem.noarch                                 1.0-1.an23                          os      
opencl-headers.noarch                                    3.0-1.20220510gitdef8be9.an23       os      
opencsd.x86_64                                           1.4.0-1.an23                        os      
opencsd-devel.x86_64                                     1.4.0-1.an23                        os      
openjade.x86_64                                          1.3.2-1.an23                        os      
openjpeg2.x86_64                                         2.5.0-5.an23                        os      
openjpeg2-devel.x86_64                                   2.5.0-5.an23                        os      
openjpeg2-tools.x86_64                                   2.5.0-5.an23                        os      
openldap-clients.x86_64                                  2.6.5-1.an23                        updates 
openldap-compat.x86_64                                   2.6.5-1.an23                        updates 
openldap-devel.x86_64                                    2.6.5-1.an23                        updates 
openldap-doc.noarch                                      2.6.5-1.an23                        updates 
openldap-servers.x86_64                                  2.6.5-1.an23                        updates 
openmpi.x86_64                                           4.1.5-2.an23                        os      
openmpi-devel.x86_64                                     4.1.5-2.an23                        os      
openresty.x86_64                                         1.22.1.0-2.an23                     updates 
opensc.x86_64                                            0.23.0-2.an23                       os      
openscap.x86_64                                          1:1.3.7-1.an23                      os      
openscap-containers.noarch                               1:1.3.7-1.an23                      os      
openscap-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.3.7-1.an23                      os      
openscap-doc.noarch                                      1:1.3.7-1.an23                      os      
openscap-engine-sce.x86_64                               1:1.3.7-1.an23                      os      
openscap-engine-sce-devel.x86_64                         1:1.3.7-1.an23                      os      
openscap-python3.x86_64                                  1:1.3.7-1.an23                      os      
openscap-scanner.x86_64                                  1:1.3.7-1.an23                      os      
openscap-utils.x86_64                                    1:1.3.7-1.an23                      os      
opensm.x86_64                                            3.3.24-1.an23                       os      
opensm-devel.x86_64                                      3.3.24-1.an23                       os      
opensm-doc.noarch                                        3.3.24-1.an23                       os      
opensm-libs.x86_64                                       3.3.24-1.an23                       os      
opensm-static.x86_64                                     3.3.24-1.an23                       os      
opensp.x86_64                                            1.5.2-1.an23                        os      
opensp-devel.x86_64                                      1.5.2-1.an23                        os      
openssh-askpass.x86_64                                   9.0p1-9.an23                        updates 
openssh-doc.noarch                                       9.0p1-9.an23                        updates 
openssh-keycat.x86_64                                    9.0p1-9.an23                        updates 
openssh-server.x86_64                                    9.0p1-9.an23                        updates 
openssl.x86_64                                           1:3.0.12-2.an23                     updates 
openssl-devel.x86_64                                     1:3.0.12-2.an23                     updates 
openssl-doc.noarch                                       1:3.0.12-2.an23                     updates 
openssl-perl.x86_64                                      1:3.0.12-2.an23                     updates 
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                    0.4.12-2.an23                       os      
openssl1.1.x86_64                                        1:1.1.1q-2.an23                     os      
openssl1.1-devel.x86_64                                  1:1.1.1q-2.an23                     os      
opentest4j.noarch                                        1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
opentest4j-javadoc.noarch                                1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
openvswitch.x86_64                                       2.17.6-1.an23                       os      
openvswitch-devel.x86_64                                 2.17.6-1.an23                       os      
openvswitch-doc.noarch                                   2.17.6-1.an23                       os      
openvswitch-ipsec.x86_64                                 2.17.6-1.an23                       os      
openvswitch-test.noarch                                  2.17.6-1.an23                       os      
openvswitch-testcontroller.x86_64                        2.17.6-1.an23                       os      
openwsman-client.x86_64                                  2.7.2-1.an23                        os      
openwsman-selinux.noarch                                 2.7.2-1.an23                        os      
openwsman-server.x86_64                                  2.7.2-1.an23                        os      
opus.x86_64                                              1.3.1-3.an23                        os      
opus-devel.x86_64                                        1.3.1-3.an23                        os      
orangefs.x86_64                                          2.9.8-1.an23                        os      
orangefs-devel.x86_64                                    2.9.8-1.an23                        os      
orangefs-doc.noarch                                      2.9.8-1.an23                        os      
orangefs-fuse.x86_64                                     2.9.8-1.an23                        os      
orangefs-server.x86_64                                   2.9.8-1.an23                        os      
orc.x86_64                                               0.4.33-1.an23                       os      
orc-compiler.x86_64                                      0.4.33-1.an23                       os      
orc-devel.x86_64                                         0.4.33-1.an23                       os      
orc-doc.noarch                                           0.4.33-1.an23                       os      
os-prober.x86_64                                         1.79-2.an23                         os      
osgi-annotation.noarch                                   8.0.1-1.an23                        os      
osgi-annotation-javadoc.noarch                           8.0.1-1.an23                        os      
osgi-compendium.noarch                                   7.0.0-1.an23                        os      
osgi-compendium-javadoc.noarch                           7.0.0-1.an23                        os      
osgi-core.noarch                                         8.0.0-1.an23                        os      
osgi-core-javadoc.noarch                                 8.0.0-1.an23                        os      
osinfo-db.noarch                                         20221130-1.an23                     os      
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                                   1.10.0-2.an23                       os      
ostree.x86_64                                            2023.1-1.an23                       os      
ostree-devel.x86_64                                      2023.1-1.an23                       os      
ostree-grub2.x86_64                                      2023.1-1.an23                       os      
ostree-libs.x86_64                                       2023.1-1.an23                       os      
p11-kit-devel.x86_64                                     0.24.1-4.an23                       os      
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                    0.24.1-4.an23                       os      
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                         6.0-2.an23                          os      
pam-devel.x86_64                                         1.5.2-6.an23                        os      
pam-doc.noarch                                           1.5.2-6.an23                        os      
pam_oath.x86_64                                          2.6.7-1.an23                        os      
pam_ssh_agent_auth.x86_64                                0.10.4-7.9.an23                     updates 
pam_wrapper.x86_64                                       1.1.4-1.an23                        os      
pam_wrapper-doc.noarch                                   1.1.4-1.an23                        os      
pango.x86_64                                             1.50.14-1.an23                      os      
pango-devel.x86_64                                       1.50.14-1.an23                      os      
pango-tests.x86_64                                       1.50.14-1.an23                      os      
pangomm.x86_64                                           2.46.3-1.an23                       os      
pangomm-devel.x86_64                                     2.46.3-1.an23                       os      
paper.x86_64                                             2.1.0-1.an23                        os      
papi.x86_64                                              7.0.1-1.an23                        os      
papi-devel.x86_64                                        7.0.1-1.an23                        os      
papi-libs.x86_64                                         7.0.1-1.an23                        os      
parted.x86_64                                            3.5-2.an23                          os      
parted-devel.x86_64                                      3.5-2.an23                          os      
passivetex.noarch                                        1.25-35.an23                        os      
passwd.x86_64                                            0.80-5.an23                         os      
patch.x86_64                                             1:2.7.6-3.an23                      os      
patchelf.x86_64                                          0.18.0-1.an23                       os      
patchelf-doc.noarch                                      0.18.0-1.an23                       os      
patchutils.x86_64                                        0.4.2-1.an23                        os      
patchutils-doc.noarch                                    0.4.2-1.an23                        os      
pbzip2.x86_64                                            1.1.13-2.an23                       os      
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                        1.1-1.an23                          os      
pcaudiolib-devel.x86_64                                  1.1-1.an23                          os      
pcaudiolib-doc.noarch                                    1.1-1.an23                          os      
pciutils.x86_64                                          3.10.0-1.an23                       os      
pciutils-devel.x86_64                                    3.10.0-1.an23                       os      
pciutils-devel-static.x86_64                             3.10.0-1.an23                       os      
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                     3.10.0-1.an23                       os      
pcmciautils.x86_64                                       018-1.an23                          os      
pcmciautils-doc.noarch                                   018-1.an23                          os      
pcp.x86_64                                               6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-conf.x86_64                                          6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-devel.x86_64                                         6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-doc.noarch                                           6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-export-pcp2elasticsearch.x86_64                      6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-export-pcp2graphite.x86_64                           6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-export-pcp2influxdb.x86_64                           6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-export-pcp2json.x86_64                               6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-export-pcp2spark.x86_64                              6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-export-pcp2xml.x86_64                                6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-export-pcp2zabbix.x86_64                             6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-export-zabbix-agent.x86_64                           6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-gui.x86_64                                           6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-import-collectl2pcp.x86_64                           6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-import-ganglia2pcp.x86_64                            6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-import-iostat2pcp.x86_64                             6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-import-mrtg2pcp.x86_64                               6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-import-sar2pcp.x86_64                                6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-libs.x86_64                                          6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-libs-devel.x86_64                                    6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-activemq.x86_64                                 6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-apache.x86_64                                   6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-bash.x86_64                                     6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-bcc.x86_64                                      6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-bind2.x86_64                                    6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-bonding.x86_64                                  6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-bpftrace.x86_64                                 6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-cifs.x86_64                                     6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-cisco.x86_64                                    6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-dbping.x86_64                                   6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-denki.x86_64                                    6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-dm.x86_64                                       6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-docker.x86_64                                   6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-ds389.x86_64                                    6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-ds389log.x86_64                                 6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-elasticsearch.x86_64                            6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-gfs2.x86_64                                     6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-gluster.x86_64                                  6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-gpfs.x86_64                                     6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-gpsd.x86_64                                     6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-hacluster.x86_64                                6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-haproxy.x86_64                                  6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-infiniband.x86_64                               6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-json.x86_64                                     6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-libvirt.x86_64                                  6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-lio.x86_64                                      6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-lmsensors.x86_64                                6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-logger.x86_64                                   6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-lustre.x86_64                                   6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-lustrecomm.x86_64                               6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-mailq.x86_64                                    6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-memcache.x86_64                                 6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-mic.x86_64                                      6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-mounts.x86_64                                   6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-mssql.x86_64                                    6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-mysql.x86_64                                    6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-named.x86_64                                    6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-netcheck.x86_64                                 6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-netfilter.x86_64                                6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-news.x86_64                                     6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-nfsclient.x86_64                                6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-nginx.x86_64                                    6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-nutcracker.x86_64                               6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-nvidia-gpu.x86_64                               6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-openmetrics.x86_64                              6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-openvswitch.x86_64                              6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-oracle.x86_64                                   6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-pdns.x86_64                                     6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-perfevent.x86_64                                6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-podman.x86_64                                   6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-postfix.x86_64                                  6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-postgresql.x86_64                               6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-rabbitmq.x86_64                                 6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-redis.x86_64                                    6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-roomtemp.x86_64                                 6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-rsyslog.x86_64                                  6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-samba.x86_64                                    6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-sendmail.x86_64                                 6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-shping.x86_64                                   6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-slurm.x86_64                                    6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-smart.x86_64                                    6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-snmp.x86_64                                     6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-sockets.x86_64                                  6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-summary.x86_64                                  6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-systemd.x86_64                                  6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-trace.x86_64                                    6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-unbound.x86_64                                  6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-weblog.x86_64                                   6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-zimbra.x86_64                                   6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-pmda-zswap.x86_64                                    6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-selinux.x86_64                                       6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-system-tools.x86_64                                  6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-testsuite.x86_64                                     6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcp-zeroconf.x86_64                                      6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
pcre.x86_64                                              8.45-3.an23                         os      
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                          8.45-3.an23                         os      
pcre-devel.x86_64                                        8.45-3.an23                         os      
pcre-doc.noarch                                          8.45-3.an23                         os      
pcre-static.x86_64                                       8.45-3.an23                         os      
pcre-tools.x86_64                                        8.45-3.an23                         os      
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                        8.45-3.an23                         os      
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                        8.45-3.an23                         os      
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                       10.42-1.an23                        os      
pcre2-static.x86_64                                      10.42-1.an23                        os      
pcre2-tools.x86_64                                       10.42-1.an23                        os      
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                       10.42-1.an23                        os      
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                       10.42-1.an23                        os      
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                         1.9.9-2.an23                        os      
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                    1.5.0-2.an23                        os      
pcsc-lite-devel.x86_64                                   1.9.9-2.an23                        os      
pcsc-lite-doc.noarch                                     1.9.9-2.an23                        os      
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                    1.9.9-2.an23                        os      
percona-toolkit.x86_64                                   3.5.2-1.an23                        os      
percona-xtrabackup-24.x86_64                             2.4.28-1.an23                       os      
percona-xtrabackup-80.x86_64                             8.0.32-26.1.an23                    os      
percona-xtrabackup-test-24.x86_64                        2.4.28-1.an23                       os      
percona-xtradb-cluster.x86_64                            8.0.32-1.an23                       os      
percona-xtradb-cluster-client.x86_64                     8.0.32-1.an23                       os      
percona-xtradb-cluster-devel.x86_64                      8.0.32-1.an23                       os      
percona-xtradb-cluster-full.x86_64                       8.0.32-1.an23                       os      
percona-xtradb-cluster-garbd.x86_64                      8.0.32-1.an23                       os      
percona-xtradb-cluster-mysql-router.x86_64               8.0.32-1.an23                       os      
percona-xtradb-cluster-server.x86_64                     8.0.32-1.an23                       os      
percona-xtradb-cluster-shared.x86_64                     8.0.32-1.an23                       os      
percona-xtradb-cluster-test.x86_64                       8.0.32-1.an23                       os      
perf.x86_64                                              5.10.134-16.1.an23                  updates 
perl-Algorithm-C3.noarch                                 0.11-9.an23                         os      
perl-Algorithm-C3-doc.noarch                             0.11-9.an23                         os      
perl-Algorithm-C3-tests.noarch                           0.11-9.an23                         os      
perl-Archive-Any-Lite.noarch                             0.11-20.an23                        os      
perl-Archive-Any-Lite-doc.noarch                         0.11-20.an23                        os      
perl-Array-Diff.noarch                                   1:0.09-13.an23                      os      
perl-Array-Diff-doc.noarch                               1:0.09-13.an23                      os      
perl-Authen-SASL.noarch                                  2.16-30.an23                        os      
perl-B-COW.x86_64                                        0.007-1.an23                        os      
perl-B-Hooks-EndOfScope.noarch                           0.26-1.an23                         os      
perl-B-Keywords.noarch                                   1.24-5.an23                         os      
perl-B-Keywords-doc.noarch                               1.24-5.an23                         os      
perl-BibTeX-Parser.noarch                                1.03-1.an23                         os      
perl-Bit-Vector.x86_64                                   7.4-1.an23                          os      
perl-Business-ISBN.noarch                                3.007-1.an23                        os      
perl-Business-ISBN-Data.noarch                           20210112.006-1.an23                 os      
perl-Business-ISMN.noarch                                1.202-1.an23                        os      
perl-Business-ISSN.noarch                                1.005-1.an23                        os      
perl-CBOR-XS.x86_64                                      1.86-1.an23                         os      
perl-CBOR-XS-doc.noarch                                  1.86-1.an23                         os      
perl-CBOR-XS-tests.noarch                                1.86-1.an23                         os      
perl-CGI.noarch                                          4.55-2.an23                         os      
perl-CPAN-Changes.noarch                                 0.400002-21.an23                    os      
perl-CPAN-Changes-doc.noarch                             0.400002-21.an23                    os      
perl-CPAN-Meta-Check.noarch                              0.017-2.an23                        os      
perl-CPAN-Meta-Check-doc.noarch                          0.017-2.an23                        os      
perl-CPAN-doc.noarch                                     2.36-1.an23                         updates 
perl-CPAN-tests.noarch                                   2.36-1.an23                         updates 
perl-Canary-Stability.noarch                             2013-1.an23                         os      
perl-Canary-Stability-doc.noarch                         2013-1.an23                         os      
perl-Capture-Tiny.noarch                                 0.48-3.an23                         os      
perl-Capture-Tiny-doc.noarch                             0.48-3.an23                         os      
perl-Carp-Clan.noarch                                    6.08-15.an23                        os      
perl-Class-Accessor.noarch                               0.51-17.an23                        os      
perl-Class-Data-Inheritable.noarch                       0.09-5.an23                         os      
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                              1.36-3.an23                         os      
perl-Class-Iterator.noarch                               0.3-33.an23                         os      
perl-Class-Iterator-doc.noarch                           0.3-33.an23                         os      
perl-Class-Iterator-tests.noarch                         0.3-33.an23                         os      
perl-Class-Load.noarch                                   0.25-22.an23                        os      
perl-Class-Load-XS.x86_64                                0.10-20.an23                        os      
perl-Class-Load-XS-doc.noarch                            0.10-20.an23                        os      
perl-Class-Load-doc.noarch                               0.25-22.an23                        os      
perl-Class-Method-Modifiers.noarch                       2.14-1.an23                         os      
perl-Class-Singleton.noarch                              1.6-8.an23                          os      
perl-Class-Tiny.noarch                                   1.008-8.an23                        os      
perl-Class-Tiny-doc.noarch                               1.008-8.an23                        os      
perl-Class-XSAccessor.x86_64                             1.19-16.an23                        os      
perl-Clone.x86_64                                        0.46-2.an23                         os      
perl-Color-ANSI-Util.noarch                              0.164-9.an23                        os      
perl-Color-ANSI-Util-doc.noarch                          0.164-9.an23                        os      
perl-Color-RGB-Util.noarch                               0.606-5.an23                        os      
perl-Color-RGB-Util-doc.noarch                           0.606-5.an23                        os      
perl-Color-RGB-Util-tests.noarch                         0.606-5.an23                        os      
perl-ColorThemeBase-Static.noarch                        0.008-9.an23                        os      
perl-ColorThemeBase-Static-doc.noarch                    0.008-9.an23                        os      
perl-ColorThemeRole-ANSI.noarch                          0.001-9.an23                        os      
perl-ColorThemeRole-ANSI-doc.noarch                      0.001-9.an23                        os      
perl-ColorThemeUtil-ANSI.noarch                          0.002-7.an23                        os      
perl-ColorThemeUtil-ANSI-doc.noarch                      0.002-7.an23                        os      
perl-ColorThemes-Standard.noarch                         0.003-5.an23                        os      
perl-ColorThemes-Standard-doc.noarch                     0.003-5.an23                        os      
perl-Compress-LZF.x86_64                                 3.8-25.an23                         os      
perl-Compress-LZF-doc.noarch                             3.8-25.an23                         os      
perl-Compress-Raw-Lzma-doc.noarch                        2.204-2.an23                        updates 
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib-tests.x86_64                      2.202-4.an23                        os      
perl-Config-AutoConf.noarch                              0.320-3.an23                        os      
perl-Config-AutoConf-doc.noarch                          0.320-3.an23                        os      
perl-Config-Tiny.noarch                                  2.28-6.an23                         os      
perl-Config-Tiny-doc.noarch                              2.28-6.an23                         os      
perl-Const-Fast.noarch                                   0.014-1.an23                        os      
perl-Const-Fast-doc.noarch                               0.014-1.an23                        os      
perl-Contextual-Return.noarch                            0.004014-1.an23                     os      
perl-Contextual-Return-doc.noarch                        0.004014-1.an23                     os      
perl-Convert-ASN1.noarch                                 0.33-1.an23                         os      
perl-Convert-Bencode.noarch                              1.03-36.an23                        os      
perl-Convert-Bencode-doc.noarch                          1.03-36.an23                        os      
perl-Coro-Multicore-doc.noarch                           1.07-1.an23                         os      
perl-Coro-Multicore-tests.noarch                         1.07-1.an23                         os      
perl-Cpanel-JSON-XS.x86_64                               4.32-2.an23                         os      
perl-Cpanel-JSON-XS-doc.noarch                           4.32-2.an23                         os      
perl-Crypt-PasswdMD5.noarch                              1.42-3.an23                         os      
perl-Crypt-RC4.noarch                                    2.02-1.an23                         os      
perl-DBD-MariaDB.x86_64                                  1.22-4.an23                         os      
perl-DBD-MySQL.x86_64                                    4.050-3.an23                        os      
perl-DBD-MySQL-doc.noarch                                4.050-3.an23                        os      
perl-DBD-SQLite.x86_64                                   1.72-1.an23                         os      
perl-DBI.x86_64                                          1.643-4.an23                        os      
perl-DBI-doc.noarch                                      1.643-4.an23                        os      
perl-DBM-Deep.noarch                                     2.0016-17.an23                      os      
perl-DBM-Deep-doc.noarch                                 2.0016-17.an23                      os      
perl-DB_File.x86_64                                      1.858-1.an23                        os      
perl-DB_File-doc.noarch                                  1.858-1.an23                        os      
perl-DB_File-tests.x86_64                                1.858-1.an23                        os      
perl-Data-Binary.noarch                                  0.01-14.an23                        os      
perl-Data-Binary-doc.noarch                              0.01-14.an23                        os      
perl-Data-Compare.noarch                                 1.27-1.an23                         os      
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                                    1.25-2.an23                         os      
perl-Data-Dumper-Concise.noarch                          2.023-1.an23                        os      
perl-Data-Dumper-Concise-doc.noarch                      2.023-1.an23                        os      
perl-Data-Dumper-Names.noarch                            0.03-1.an23                         os      
perl-Data-Dumper-Names-doc.noarch                        0.03-1.an23                         os      
perl-Data-Dumper-tests.x86_64                            2.184-2.an23                        os      
perl-Data-Peek.x86_64                                    0.52-2.an23                         os      
perl-Data-Section-Simple.noarch                          0.07-27.an23                        os      
perl-Data-Section-Simple-doc.noarch                      0.07-27.an23                        os      
perl-Data-UUID.x86_64                                    1.226-1.an23                        os      
perl-Data-UUID-doc.noarch                                1.226-1.an23                        os      
perl-Data-Uniqid.noarch                                  0.12-1.an23                         os      
perl-Date-Calc.noarch                                    6.4-1.an23                          os      
perl-Date-ISO8601.noarch                                 0.005-17.an23                       os      
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                                   6.90-1.an23                         os      
perl-DateTime.x86_64                                     2:1.59-2.an23                       os      
perl-DateTime-Calendar-Julian.noarch                     0.107-1.an23                        os      
perl-DateTime-Calendar-Mayan.noarch                      0.0601-41.an23                      os      
perl-DateTime-Calendar-Mayan-doc.noarch                  0.0601-41.an23                      os      
perl-DateTime-Format-Builder.noarch                      0.8300-10.an23                      os      
perl-DateTime-Format-MySQL.noarch                        0.07.01-6.an23                      os      
perl-DateTime-Format-MySQL-doc.noarch                    0.07.01-6.an23                      os      
perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime.noarch                     1:1.79-1.an23                       os      
perl-DateTime-Locale.noarch                              1.37-1.an23                         os      
perl-DateTime-TimeZone.noarch                            2.57-2.an23                         os      
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-SystemV.noarch                    0.010-18.an23                       os      
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-Tzfile.noarch                     0.011-18.an23                       os      
perl-Declare-Constraints-Simple.noarch                   0.03-49.an23                        os      
perl-Declare-Constraints-Simple-doc.noarch               0.03-49.an23                        os      
perl-Devel-ArgNames.noarch                               0.03-1.an23                         os      
perl-Devel-ArgNames-tests.noarch                         0.03-1.an23                         os      
perl-Devel-CallChecker.x86_64                            0.008-19.an23                       os      
perl-Devel-Caller.x86_64                                 2.06-30.an23                        os      
perl-Devel-CheckBin.noarch                               0.04-1.an23                         os      
perl-Devel-CheckBin-doc.noarch                           0.04-1.an23                         os      
perl-Devel-CheckLib.noarch                               1.16-1.an23                         os      
perl-Devel-Cycle.noarch                                  1.12-26.an23                        os      
perl-Devel-Cycle-doc.noarch                              1.12-26.an23                        os      
perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction.noarch                      0.14-6.an23                         os      
perl-Devel-Hide.noarch                                   0.0015-5.an23                       os      
perl-Devel-Hide-doc.noarch                               0.0015-5.an23                       os      
perl-Devel-LexAlias.x86_64                               0.05-31.an23                        os      
perl-Devel-OverloadInfo.noarch                           0.007-7.an23                        os      
perl-Devel-OverloadInfo-doc.noarch                       0.007-7.an23                        os      
perl-Devel-PartialDump.noarch                            0.20-18.an23                        os      
perl-Devel-PartialDump-doc.noarch                        0.20-18.an23                        os      
perl-Devel-StackTrace.noarch                             1:2.04-15.an23                      os      
perl-Devel-Symdump.noarch                                1:2.18-7.an23                       os      
perl-Devel-Symdump-doc.noarch                            1:2.18-7.an23                       os      
perl-Digest-CRC.x86_64                                   0.24-1.an23                         os      
perl-Digest-CRC-doc.noarch                               0.24-1.an23                         os      
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                                  1.04-2.an23                         os      
perl-Digest-MD4.x86_64                                   1.9-1.an23                          os      
perl-Digest-Perl-MD5.noarch                              1.9-1.an23                          os      
perl-Digest-tests.noarch                                 1.20-4.an23                         os      
perl-Dist-CheckConflicts.noarch                          0.11-27.an23                        os      
perl-DynaLoader-Functions.noarch                         0.003-18.an23                       os      
perl-Email-Date-Format.noarch                            1.008-1.an23                        os      
perl-Email-Valid.noarch                                  1.202-1.an23                        os      
perl-Encode-EUCJPASCII.x86_64                            0.03-30.an23                        os      
perl-Encode-EUCJPASCII-doc.noarch                        0.03-30.an23                        os      
perl-Env-Sanctify.noarch                                 1.12-28.an23                        os      
perl-Env-Sanctify-doc.noarch                             1.12-28.an23                        os      
perl-Eval-Closure.noarch                                 0.14-20.an23                        os      
perl-Exception-Class.noarch                              1.45-7.an23                         os      
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch                                1.006000-3.an23                     os      
perl-Exporter-Tiny-doc.noarch                            1.006000-3.an23                     os      
perl-ExtUtils-CBuilder-tests.noarch                      1:0.280236-10.an23                  os      
perl-ExtUtils-CChecker.noarch                            0.11-1.an23                         os      
perl-ExtUtils-CChecker-doc.noarch                        0.11-1.an23                         os      
perl-ExtUtils-Config.noarch                              0.008-28.an23                       os      
perl-ExtUtils-Config-doc.noarch                          0.008-28.an23                       os      
perl-ExtUtils-Depends.noarch                             0.8001-1.an23                       os      
perl-ExtUtils-Depends-doc.noarch                         0.8001-1.an23                       os      
perl-ExtUtils-HasCompiler.noarch                         0.023-8.an23                        os      
perl-ExtUtils-HasCompiler-doc.noarch                     0.023-8.an23                        os      
perl-ExtUtils-Helpers.noarch                             0.026-22.an23                       os      
perl-ExtUtils-Helpers-doc.noarch                         0.026-22.an23                       os      
perl-ExtUtils-InstallPaths.noarch                        0.012-17.an23                       os      
perl-ExtUtils-InstallPaths-doc.noarch                    0.012-17.an23                       os      
perl-ExtUtils-LibBuilder.noarch                          0.08-1.an23                         os      
perl-ExtUtils-LibBuilder-doc.noarch                      0.08-1.an23                         os      
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker-CPANfile.noarch                  0.09-15.an23                        os      
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker-CPANfile-doc.noarch              0.09-15.an23                        os      
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker-CPANfile-tests.noarch            0.09-15.an23                        os      
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker-tests.noarch                     2:7.66-2.an23                       os      
perl-ExtUtils-PkgConfig.noarch                           1.16-12.an23                        os      
perl-ExtUtils-PkgConfig-doc.noarch                       1.16-12.an23                        os      
perl-Fedora-VSP.noarch                                   0.001-13.an23                       os      
perl-File-BaseDir.noarch                                 0.09-1.an23                         os      
perl-File-BaseDir-doc.noarch                             0.09-1.an23                         os      
perl-File-BaseDir-tests.noarch                           0.09-1.an23                         os      
perl-File-Copy-Recursive.noarch                          0.45-2.an23                         os      
perl-File-DesktopEntry.noarch                            0.22-8.an23                         os      
perl-File-DesktopEntry-doc.noarch                        0.22-8.an23                         os      
perl-File-DirList.noarch                                 0.05-1.an23                         os      
perl-File-DirList-doc.noarch                             0.05-1.an23                         os      
perl-File-Fetch-tests.noarch                             1.04-4.an23                         os      
perl-File-Find-Iterator.noarch                           0.4-34.an23                         os      
perl-File-Find-Iterator-doc.noarch                       0.4-34.an23                         os      
perl-File-Find-Iterator-tests.noarch                     0.4-34.an23                         os      
perl-File-Find-Object.noarch                             0.3.7-1.an23                        os      
perl-File-Find-Object-Rule.noarch                        0.0313-1.an23                       os      
perl-File-Find-Object-Rule-doc.noarch                    0.0313-1.an23                       os      
perl-File-Find-Object-doc.noarch                         0.3.7-1.an23                        os      
perl-File-Find-Rule.noarch                               0.34-25.an23                        os      
perl-File-Find-Rule-Perl.noarch                          1.16-5.an23                         os      
perl-File-Find-Rule-Perl-doc.noarch                      1.16-5.an23                         os      
perl-File-Listing.noarch                                 6.15-2.an23                         os      
perl-File-MimeInfo.noarch                                0.33-1.an23                         os      
perl-File-MimeInfo-doc.noarch                            0.33-1.an23                         os      
perl-File-MimeInfo-tests.noarch                          0.33-1.an23                         os      
perl-File-ReadBackwards.noarch                           1.06-1.an23                         os      
perl-File-ReadBackwards-doc.noarch                       1.06-1.an23                         os      
perl-File-ReadBackwards-tests.noarch                     1.06-1.an23                         os      
perl-File-Remove.noarch                                  1.61-1.an23                         os      
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                                1.118-3.an23                        os      
perl-File-ShareDir-Install.noarch                        0.14-1.an23                         os      
perl-File-ShareDir-Install-doc.noarch                    0.14-1.an23                         os      
perl-File-Slurp.noarch                                   9999.32-1.an23                      os      
perl-File-Slurper.noarch                                 0.014-1.an23                        os      
perl-File-Temp-help.noarch                               1:0.2311-3.an23                     os      
perl-File-Touch.noarch                                   0.12-1.an23                         os      
perl-File-Touch-doc.noarch                               0.12-1.an23                         os      
perl-File-TreeCreate.noarch                              0.0.1-1.an23                        os      
perl-File-TreeCreate-doc.noarch                          0.0.1-1.an23                        os      
perl-File-UserDirs.noarch                                0.09-1.an23                         os      
perl-File-chdir.noarch                                   0.1011-1.an23                       os      
perl-File-chdir-doc.noarch                               0.1011-1.an23                       os      
perl-File-pushd.noarch                                   1.016-1.an23                        os      
perl-File-pushd-doc.noarch                               1.016-1.an23                        os      
perl-FileHandle-Fmode.x86_64                             0.14-23.an23                        os      
perl-FileHandle-Fmode-doc.noarch                         0.14-23.an23                        os      
perl-Filter.x86_64                                       2:1.64-2.an23                       os      
perl-Filter-Simple.noarch                                0.96-2.an23                         os      
perl-FindBin.noarch                                      1.53-15.an23                        updates 
perl-Font-AFM.noarch                                     1.20-43.an23                        os      
perl-Font-TTF.noarch                                     1.06-1.an23                         os      
perl-Font-TTF-XMLparse.noarch                            1.06-1.an23                         os      
perl-Font-TTF-doc.noarch                                 1.06-1.an23                         os      
perl-FreezeThaw.noarch                                   0.5001-39.an23                      os      
perl-FreezeThaw-doc.noarch                               0.5001-39.an23                      os      
perl-Future.noarch                                       0.50-1.an23                         os      
perl-Future-AsyncAwait.x86_64                            0.62-1.an23                         os      
perl-Future-AsyncAwait-ExtensionBuilder.x86_64           0.62-1.an23                         os      
perl-Future-AsyncAwait-Test.noarch                       0.62-1.an23                         os      
perl-Future-AsyncAwait-doc.noarch                        0.62-1.an23                         os      
perl-Future-AsyncAwait-tests.noarch                      0.62-1.an23                         os      
perl-Future-doc.noarch                                   0.50-1.an23                         os      
perl-GD.x86_64                                           2.76-1.an23                         os      
perl-GD-doc.noarch                                       2.76-1.an23                         os      
perl-GSSAPI.x86_64                                       0.28-41.an23                        os      
perl-Git-SVN.noarch                                      2.41.0-1.an23                       updates 
perl-Git-Wrapper.noarch                                  0.048-1.an23                        os      
perl-Git-Wrapper-doc.noarch                              0.048-1.an23                        os      
perl-GitLab-API-v4.noarch                                0.26-1.an23                         os      
perl-GitLab-API-v4-doc.noarch                            0.26-1.an23                         os      
perl-Glib.x86_64                                         1.3293-1.an23                       os      
perl-Glib-devel.x86_64                                   1.3293-1.an23                       os      
perl-Glib-doc.noarch                                     1.3293-1.an23                       os      
perl-Graphics-ColorNamesLite-WWW.noarch                  1.14.000-9.an23                     os      
perl-Graphics-ColorNamesLite-WWW-doc.noarch              1.14.000-9.an23                     os      
perl-HTML-Form.noarch                                    6.11-1.an23                         os      
perl-HTML-Formatter.noarch                               2.16-22.an23                        os      
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                                  3.81-3.an23                         os      
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                                  3.20-36.an23                        os      
perl-HTML-Tree.noarch                                    1:5.07-23.an23                      os      
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                                 6.10-2.an23                         os      
perl-HTTP-Daemon.noarch                                  6.16-1.an23                         updates 
perl-HTTP-Daemon-doc.noarch                              6.16-1.an23                         updates 
perl-HTTP-Daemon-tests.noarch                            6.16-1.an23                         updates 
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                    6.05-2.an23                         os      
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                                 6.44-3.an23                         os      
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                               6.01-21.an23                        os      
perl-HTTP-Tiny-Multipart.noarch                          0.08-1.an23                         os      
perl-HTTP-Tiny-Multipart-doc.noarch                      0.08-1.an23                         os      
perl-HTTP-Tiny-doc.noarch                                0.088-1.an23                        updates 
perl-HTTP-Tiny-tests.noarch                              0.088-1.an23                        updates 
perl-Hook-LexWrap.noarch                                 0.26-7.an23                         os      
perl-IO-All.noarch                                       0.87-8.an23                         os      
perl-IO-All-doc.noarch                                   0.87-8.an23                         os      
perl-IO-CaptureOutput.noarch                             1.1105-1.an23                       os      
perl-IO-CaptureOutput-doc.noarch                         1.1105-1.an23                       os      
perl-IO-Compress-Brotli.x86_64                           0.004001-1.an23                     os      
perl-IO-Compress-Brotli-doc.noarch                       0.004001-1.an23                     os      
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                      1.004-2.an23                        os      
perl-IO-Prompter.noarch                                  0.004015-1.an23                     os      
perl-IO-Prompter-doc.noarch                              0.004015-1.an23                     os      
perl-IO-Socket-INET6.noarch                              2.73-1.an23                         os      
perl-IO-Socket-INET6-doc.noarch                          2.73-1.an23                         os      
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                                2.081-1.an23                        os      
perl-IO-String.noarch                                    1.08-33.an23                        os      
perl-IO-Tty.x86_64                                       1.17-1.an23                         os      
perl-IO-Tty-doc.noarch                                   1.17-1.an23                         os      
perl-IO-stringy.noarch                                   2.113-1.an23                        os      
perl-IPC-Run.noarch                                      20220807.0-1.an23                   os      
perl-IPC-Run3.noarch                                     0.048-28.an23                       os      
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                            1.30-4.an23                         os      
perl-Import-Into.noarch                                  1.002005-8.an23                     os      
perl-Import-Into-doc.noarch                              1.002005-8.an23                     os      
perl-Inline.noarch                                       0.86-1.an23                         os      
perl-Inline-C.noarch                                     0.82-1.an23                         os      
perl-Inline-C-doc.noarch                                 0.82-1.an23                         os      
perl-Inline-C-tests.noarch                               0.82-1.an23                         os      
perl-Inline-Files.noarch                                 0.71-1.an23                         os      
perl-Inline-Files-doc.noarch                             0.71-1.an23                         os      
perl-Inline-Files-tests.noarch                           0.71-1.an23                         os      
perl-Inline-doc.noarch                                   0.86-1.an23                         os      
perl-Inline-tests.noarch                                 0.86-1.an23                         os      
perl-JSON.noarch                                         4.10-2.an23                         os      
perl-JSON-Color.noarch                                   0.133-6.an23                        os      
perl-JSON-Color-doc.noarch                               0.133-6.an23                        os      
perl-JSON-Color-tests.noarch                             0.133-6.an23                        os      
perl-JSON-MaybeXS.noarch                                 1.004004-1.an23                     os      
perl-JSON-MaybeXS-doc.noarch                             1.004004-1.an23                     os      
perl-JSON-XS.x86_64                                      1:4.03-1.an23                       os      
perl-JSON-XS-doc.noarch                                  1:4.03-1.an23                       os      
perl-JSON-XS-tests.noarch                                1:4.03-1.an23                       os      
perl-Jcode.noarch                                        2.07-1.an23                         os      
perl-LDAP.noarch                                         1:0.68-1.an23                       os      
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                               6.04-1.an23                         os      
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                           6.10-2.an23                         os      
perl-LaTeX-ToUnicode.noarch                              0.11-1.an23                         os      
perl-Lingua-EN-Inflect.noarch                            1.905-8.an23                        os      
perl-Lingua-EN-Inflect-doc.noarch                        1.905-8.an23                        os      
perl-Lingua-Translit.noarch                              0.29-1.an23                         os      
perl-List-AllUtils.noarch                                0.19-1.an23                         os      
perl-List-Compare.noarch                                 0.55-1.an23                         os      
perl-List-Compare-doc.noarch                             0.55-1.an23                         os      
perl-List-MoreUtils.noarch                               0.430-3.an23                        os      
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS.x86_64                            0.430-3.an23                        os      
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS-doc.noarch                        0.430-3.an23                        os      
perl-List-MoreUtils-doc.noarch                           0.430-3.an23                        os      
perl-List-SomeUtils.noarch                               0.59-1.an23                         os      
perl-List-UtilsBy.noarch                                 0.12-1.an23                         os      
perl-Locale-Codes.noarch                                 3.72-1.an23                         os      
perl-Locale-Codes-doc.noarch                             3.72-1.an23                         os      
perl-Locale-Codes-tests.noarch                           3.72-1.an23                         os      
perl-Locale-US.noarch                                    3.04-23.an23                        os      
perl-Locale-US-doc.noarch                                3.04-23.an23                        os      
perl-Locale-gettext.x86_64                               1.07-10.an23                        os      
perl-Log-Any.noarch                                      1.714-1.an23                        os      
perl-Log-Any-Adapter-Screen.noarch                       0.140-2.an23                        os      
perl-Log-Any-Adapter-Screen-doc.noarch                   0.140-2.an23                        os      
perl-Log-Any-doc.noarch                                  1.714-1.an23                        os      
perl-Log-Dispatch.noarch                                 2.70-1.an23                         os      
perl-Log-Dispatch-FileRotate.noarch                      1.38-1.an23                         os      
perl-Log-Log4perl.noarch                                 1.57-1.an23                         os      
perl-MCE.noarch                                          1.884-1.an23                        os      
perl-MCE-doc.noarch                                      1.884-1.an23                        os      
perl-MCE-tools.noarch                                    1.884-1.an23                        os      
perl-MIME-Lite.noarch                                    3.033-1.an23                        os      
perl-MIME-Types.noarch                                   2.24-1.an23                         os      
perl-MLDBM.noarch                                        2.05-27.an23                        os      
perl-MLDBM-doc.noarch                                    2.05-27.an23                        os      
perl-Mail-Sender.noarch                                  1:0.903-2.an23                      os      
perl-Mail-Sendmail.noarch                                0.80-1.an23                         os      
perl-MailTools.noarch                                    2.21-1.an23                         os      
perl-Math-BigInt-FastCalc-tests.x86_64                   0.501.300-3.an23                    os      
perl-Math-BigInt-GMP.x86_64                              1.6011-1.an23                       os      
perl-Math-BigInt-GMP-tests.x86_64                        1.6011-1.an23                       os      
perl-Math-BigInt-tests.noarch                            1:1.9998.37-3.an23                  os      
perl-Math-BigRat-tests.noarch                            0.2624-2.an23                       os      
perl-Mixin-Linewise.noarch                               0.111-1.an23                        os      
perl-Mixin-Linewise-doc.noarch                           0.111-1.an23                        os      
perl-Module-Build-Tiny.noarch                            0.039-25.an23                       os      
perl-Module-Build-Tiny-doc.noarch                        0.039-25.an23                       os      
perl-Module-CPANTS-Analyse.noarch                        1.01-11.an23                        os      
perl-Module-CPANTS-Analyse-doc.noarch                    1.01-11.an23                        os      
perl-Module-CPANfile.noarch                              1.1004-16.an23                      os      
perl-Module-CPANfile-doc.noarch                          1.1004-16.an23                      os      
perl-Module-CoreList-tests.noarch                        1:5.20230120-2.an23                 os      
perl-Module-Find.noarch                                  0.16-1.an23                         os      
perl-Module-Find-doc.noarch                              0.16-1.an23                         os      
perl-Module-Implementation.noarch                        0.09-36.an23                        os      
perl-Module-Install.noarch                               1.19-3.an23                         os      
perl-Module-Install-AuthorRequires.noarch                0.02-28.an23                        os      
perl-Module-Install-AuthorRequires-doc.noarch            0.02-28.an23                        os      
perl-Module-Install-AuthorTests.noarch                   0.002-29.an23                       os      
perl-Module-Install-AuthorTests-doc.noarch               0.002-29.an23                       os      
perl-Module-Install-AutoLicense.noarch                   0.10-1.an23                         os      
perl-Module-Install-AutoLicense-doc.noarch               0.10-1.an23                         os      
perl-Module-Install-GithubMeta.noarch                    0.30-1.an23                         os      
perl-Module-Install-GithubMeta-doc.noarch                0.30-1.an23                         os      
perl-Module-Install-ManifestSkip.noarch                  0.24-23.an23                        os      
perl-Module-Install-ManifestSkip-doc.noarch              0.24-23.an23                        os      
perl-Module-Install-ReadmeFromPod.noarch                 0.30-1.an23                         os      
perl-Module-Install-ReadmeFromPod-doc.noarch             0.30-1.an23                         os      
perl-Module-Install-ReadmeMarkdownFromPod.noarch         0.04-1.an23                         os      
perl-Module-Install-ReadmeMarkdownFromPod-doc.noarch     0.04-1.an23                         os      
perl-Module-Install-Repository.noarch                    0.06-1.an23                         os      
perl-Module-Install-Repository-doc.noarch                0.06-1.an23                         os      
perl-Module-Install-doc.noarch                           1.19-3.an23                         os      
perl-Module-Load-Util.noarch                             0.008-4.an23                        os      
perl-Module-Load-Util-doc.noarch                         0.008-4.an23                        os      
perl-Module-Load-Util-tests.noarch                       0.008-4.an23                        os      
perl-Module-Manifest.noarch                              1.09-18.an23                        os      
perl-Module-Manifest-Skip.noarch                         0.23-24.an23                        os      
perl-Module-Manifest-Skip-doc.noarch                     0.23-24.an23                        os      
perl-Module-Manifest-Skip-tests.noarch                   0.23-24.an23                        os      
perl-Module-Manifest-doc.noarch                          1.09-18.an23                        os      
perl-Module-Package.noarch                               0.30-30.an23                        os      
perl-Module-Package-Au.noarch                            2-23.an23                           os      
perl-Module-Package-Au-doc.noarch                        2-23.an23                           os      
perl-Module-Package-doc.noarch                           0.30-30.an23                        os      
perl-Module-Pluggable.noarch                             2:5.2-25.an23                       os      
perl-Module-Pluggable-doc.noarch                         2:5.2-25.an23                       os      
perl-Module-Pluggable-tests.noarch                       2:5.2-25.an23                       os      
perl-Module-Refresh.noarch                               0.18-5.an23                         os      
perl-Module-Refresh-doc.noarch                           0.18-5.an23                         os      
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch                               0.016-3.an23                        os      
perl-Module-Runtime-Conflicts.noarch                     0.003-20.an23                       os      
perl-Module-Runtime-Conflicts-doc.noarch                 0.003-20.an23                       os      
perl-Module-ScanDeps.noarch                              1.31-2.an23                         os      
perl-Module-ScanDeps-doc.noarch                          1.31-2.an23                         os      
perl-Module-ScanDeps-tests.noarch                        1.31-2.an23                         os      
perl-Mojolicious.noarch                                  9.31-1.an23                         os      
perl-Mojolicious-doc.noarch                              9.31-1.an23                         os      
perl-Moo.noarch                                          2.005005-1.an23                     os      
perl-Moo-doc.noarch                                      2.005005-1.an23                     os      
perl-Moose.x86_64                                        2.2203-1.an23                       os      
perl-Moose-doc.noarch                                    2.2203-1.an23                       os      
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                                   20211001-3.an23                     os      
perl-NTLM.noarch                                         1.09-18.an23                        os      
perl-Net-DNS.noarch                                      1.36-1.an23                         os      
perl-Net-DNS-Nameserver.noarch                           1.36-1.an23                         os      
perl-Net-DNS-doc.noarch                                  1.36-1.an23                         os      
perl-Net-DNS-tests.noarch                                1.36-1.an23                         os      
perl-Net-Domain-TLD.noarch                               1.75-13.an23                        os      
perl-Net-Domain-TLD-doc.noarch                           1.75-13.an23                        os      
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                                     6.22-2.an23                         os      
perl-Net-IMAP-Simple.noarch                              1.2212-1.an23                       os      
perl-Net-IMAP-Simple-SSL.noarch                          1.3-1.an23                          os      
perl-Net-LibIDN2.x86_64                                  1.02-1.an23                         os      
perl-Net-LibIDN2-doc.noarch                              1.02-1.an23                         os      
perl-Net-LibIDN2-tests.x86_64                            1.02-1.an23                         os      
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.noarch                                 1.04-6.an23                         os      
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                                   1.92-3.an23                         os      
perl-Number-Compare.noarch                               0.03-20.an23                        os      
perl-OLE-Storage_Lite.noarch                             0.20-1.an23                         os      
perl-Object-Deadly.noarch                                0.09-43.an23                        os      
perl-Object-Deadly-doc.noarch                            0.09-43.an23                        os      
perl-Object-HashBase-tools.noarch                        0.009-4.an23                        os      
perl-PCP-LogImport.x86_64                                6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
perl-PCP-LogSummary.x86_64                               6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
perl-PCP-MMV.x86_64                                      6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
perl-PCP-PMDA.x86_64                                     6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
perl-PPI.noarch                                          1.276-1.an23                        os      
perl-PPIx-QuoteLike.noarch                               0.023-3.an23                        os      
perl-PPIx-QuoteLike-doc.noarch                           0.023-3.an23                        os      
perl-PPIx-QuoteLike-tests.noarch                         0.023-3.an23                        os      
perl-PPIx-Regexp.noarch                                  0.087-2.an23                        os      
perl-PPIx-Utilities.noarch                               1.001000-48.an23                    os      
perl-PPIx-Utilities-doc.noarch                           1.001000-48.an23                    os      
perl-PPIx-Utils.noarch                                   0.003-9.an23                        os      
perl-PPIx-Utils-doc.noarch                               0.003-9.an23                        os      
perl-Package-DeprecationManager.noarch                   0.17-20.an23                        os      
perl-Package-DeprecationManager-doc.noarch               0.17-20.an23                        os      
perl-Package-Stash.noarch                                0.40-1.an23                         os      
perl-Package-Stash-XS.x86_64                             0.30-1.an23                         os      
perl-PadWalker.x86_64                                    2.5-1.an23                          os      
perl-Parallel-ForkManager.noarch                         2.02-15.an23                        os      
perl-Parallel-ForkManager-doc.noarch                     2.02-15.an23                        os      
perl-Params-Classify.x86_64                              0.015-1.an23                        os      
perl-Params-Coerce.noarch                                0.15-8.an23                         os      
perl-Params-Coerce-doc.noarch                            0.15-8.an23                         os      
perl-Params-Validate.x86_64                              1.31-1.an23                         os      
perl-Params-ValidationCompiler.noarch                    0.31-1.an23                         os      
perl-Parse-Distname.noarch                               0.05-5.an23                         os      
perl-Parse-Distname-doc.noarch                           0.05-5.an23                         os      
perl-Parse-RecDescent.noarch                             1.967015-1.an23                     os      
perl-Parse-Yapp.noarch                                   1.21-3.an23                         os      
perl-Path-Class.noarch                                   0.37-1.an23                         os      
perl-Path-Class-doc.noarch                               0.37-1.an23                         os      
perl-Path-Tiny.noarch                                    0.144-1.an23                        os      
perl-Pegex.noarch                                        0.75-12.an23                        os      
perl-Pegex-doc.noarch                                    0.75-12.an23                        os      
perl-Pegex-tests.noarch                                  0.75-12.an23                        os      
perl-Perl-Critic.noarch                                  1.148-1.an23                        os      
perl-Perl-Critic-Pulp.noarch                             99-7.an23                           os      
perl-Perl-Critic-Pulp-doc.noarch                         99-7.an23                           os      
perl-Perl-Critic-Pulp-tests.noarch                       99-7.an23                           os      
perl-Perl-Critic-doc.noarch                              1.148-1.an23                        os      
perl-Perl-Destruct-Level.x86_64                          0.02-35.an23                        os      
perl-Perl-MinimumVersion.noarch                          1.40-9.an23                         os      
perl-Perl-MinimumVersion-doc.noarch                      1.40-9.an23                         os      
perl-Perl-PrereqScanner-NotQuiteLite.noarch              0.9916-1.an23                       os      
perl-Perl-PrereqScanner-NotQuiteLite-doc.noarch          0.9916-1.an23                       os      
perl-Perl4-CoreLibs.noarch                               0.005-1.an23                        os      
perl-Perl4-CoreLibs-doc.noarch                           0.005-1.an23                        os      
perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict.x86_64                           0.010-1.an23                        os      
perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict-doc.noarch                       0.010-1.an23                        os      
perl-Pod-Coverage.noarch                                 0.23-15.an23                        os      
perl-Pod-Coverage-TrustPod.noarch                        0.100006-1.an23                     os      
perl-Pod-Coverage-TrustPod-doc.noarch                    0.100006-1.an23                     os      
perl-Pod-Coverage-doc.noarch                             0.23-15.an23                        os      
perl-Pod-Eventual.noarch                                 0.094003-1.an23                     os      
perl-Pod-Eventual-doc.noarch                             0.094003-1.an23                     os      
perl-Pod-Markdown.noarch                                 3.300-1.an23                        os      
perl-Pod-MinimumVersion.noarch                           50-37.an23                          os      
perl-Pod-MinimumVersion-doc.noarch                       50-37.an23                          os      
perl-Pod-MinimumVersion-tests.noarch                     50-37.an23                          os      
perl-Pod-Parser.noarch                                   1.65-1.an23                         os      
perl-Pod-Parser-doc.noarch                               1.65-1.an23                         os      
perl-Pod-Simple-tests.noarch                             3.43-5.an23                         os      
perl-Pod-Spell.noarch                                    1.25-1.an23                         os      
perl-Pod-Spell-doc.noarch                                1.25-1.an23                         os      
perl-Pod-Spell-tests.noarch                              1.25-1.an23                         os      
perl-Probe-Perl.noarch                                   0.03-27.an23                        os      
perl-Probe-Perl-doc.noarch                               0.03-27.an23                        os      
perl-Readonly.noarch                                     2.05-20.an23                        os      
perl-Readonly-doc.noarch                                 2.05-20.an23                        os      
perl-Ref-Util.noarch                                     0.204-16.an23                       os      
perl-Ref-Util-XS.x86_64                                  0.117-17.an23                       os      
perl-Regexp-Common.noarch                                2017060201-21.an23                  os      
perl-Regexp-Pattern-Perl.noarch                          0.007-1.an23                        os      
perl-Regexp-Pattern-Perl-doc.noarch                      0.007-1.an23                        os      
perl-Regexp-Trie.noarch                                  0.02-14.an23                        os      
perl-Regexp-Trie-doc.noarch                              0.02-14.an23                        os      
perl-Role-Tiny.noarch                                    2.002004-1.an23                     os      
perl-SGMLSpm.noarch                                      1.03ii-43.an23                      os      
perl-SUPER.noarch                                        1.20190531-13.an23                  os      
perl-SUPER-doc.noarch                                    1.20190531-13.an23                  os      
perl-Scalar-Properties.noarch                            1.100860-1.an23                     os      
perl-Scalar-Properties-doc.noarch                        1.100860-1.an23                     os      
perl-Scope-Guard.noarch                                  0.21-22.an23                        os      
perl-Scope-Guard-doc.noarch                              0.21-22.an23                        os      
perl-Sereal.noarch                                       5.002-1.an23                        os      
perl-Sereal-Decoder.x86_64                               5.002-1.an23                        os      
perl-Sereal-Decoder-doc.noarch                           5.002-1.an23                        os      
perl-Sereal-Encoder.x86_64                               5.002-1.an23                        os      
perl-Sereal-Encoder-doc.noarch                           5.002-1.an23                        os      
perl-Sereal-doc.noarch                                   5.002-1.an23                        os      
perl-Socket6.x86_64                                      0.29-1.an23                         os      
perl-Socket6-doc.noarch                                  0.29-1.an23                         os      
perl-Sort-Key.x86_64                                     1.33-1.an23                         os      
perl-Sort-Versions.noarch                                1.62-1.an23                         os      
perl-Sort-Versions-doc.noarch                            1.62-1.an23                         os      
perl-Specio.noarch                                       0.48-1.an23                         os      
perl-Spellunker.noarch                                   0.4.0-26.an23                       os      
perl-Spellunker-doc.noarch                               0.4.0-26.an23                       os      
perl-Spiffy.noarch                                       0.46-11.an23                        os      
perl-Spiffy-doc.noarch                                   0.46-11.an23                        os      
perl-Spreadsheet-ParseExcel.x86_64                       0.6500-1.an23                       os      
perl-Spreadsheet-WriteExcel.noarch                       2.40-1.an23                         os      
perl-String-Format.noarch                                1.18-16.an23                        os      
perl-String-Format-doc.noarch                            1.18-16.an23                        os      
perl-String-ShellQuote.noarch                            1.04-1.an23                         os      
perl-String-ShellQuote-doc.noarch                        1.04-1.an23                         os      
perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive.noarch                     0.001013-6.an23                     os      
perl-Sub-Identify.x86_64                                 0.14-21.an23                        os      
perl-Sub-Info.noarch                                     0.002-21.an23                       os      
perl-Sub-Info-doc.noarch                                 0.002-21.an23                       os      
perl-Sub-Info-tests.noarch                               0.002-21.an23                       os      
perl-Sub-Name.x86_64                                     0.26-9.an23                         os      
perl-Sub-Name-doc.noarch                                 0.26-9.an23                         os      
perl-Sub-Quote.noarch                                    2.006008-1.an23                     os      
perl-Sub-Quote-doc.noarch                                2.006008-1.an23                     os      
perl-Sub-Quote-tests.noarch                              2.006008-1.an23                     os      
perl-Sub-Uplevel.noarch                                  1:0.2800-5.an23                     os      
perl-Sub-Uplevel-doc.noarch                              1:0.2800-5.an23                     os      
perl-Switch.noarch                                       2.17-11.an23                        os      
perl-Switch-doc.noarch                                   2.17-11.an23                        os      
perl-Syntax-Keyword-Defer.x86_64                         0.08-1.an23                         os      
perl-Syntax-Keyword-Defer-doc.noarch                     0.08-1.an23                         os      
perl-Syntax-Keyword-Defer-tests.noarch                   0.08-1.an23                         os      
perl-Syntax-Keyword-Try.x86_64                           0.28-1.an23                         os      
perl-Syntax-Keyword-Try-doc.noarch                       0.28-1.an23                         os      
perl-Syntax-Keyword-Try-tests.x86_64                     0.28-1.an23                         os      
perl-Sys-CPU.x86_64                                      0.61-1.an23                         os      
perl-Sys-Guestfs.x86_64                                  1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
perl-Sys-MemInfo.x86_64                                  0.99-1.an23                         os      
perl-Task-Weaken.noarch                                  1.06-2.an23                         os      
perl-Term-Table-tests.noarch                             0.016-5.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Base.noarch                                    0.89-16.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Base-doc.noarch                                0.89-16.an23                        os      
perl-Test-CPAN-Meta.noarch                               0.25-33.an23                        os      
perl-Test-CPAN-Meta-JSON.noarch                          0.16-25.an23                        os      
perl-Test-CPAN-Meta-JSON-doc.noarch                      0.16-25.an23                        os      
perl-Test-CPAN-Meta-doc.noarch                           0.25-33.an23                        os      
perl-Test-CleanNamespaces.noarch                         0.24-19.an23                        os      
perl-Test-CleanNamespaces-doc.noarch                     0.24-19.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Compile.noarch                                 3.2.2-1.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Compile-tests.noarch                           3.2.2-1.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Deep.noarch                                    1.204-1.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Deep-doc.noarch                                1.204-1.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Differences.noarch                             0.6900-1.an23                       os      
perl-Test-Differences-doc.noarch                         0.6900-1.an23                       os      
perl-Test-DistManifest.noarch                            1.014-27.an23                       os      
perl-Test-DistManifest-doc.noarch                        1.014-27.an23                       os      
perl-Test-DistManifest-tests.noarch                      1.014-27.an23                       os      
perl-Test-EOL.noarch                                     2.02-8.an23                         os      
perl-Test-EOL-doc.noarch                                 2.02-8.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Exception.noarch                               0.43-8.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Exception-doc.noarch                           0.43-8.an23                         os      
perl-Test-FailWarnings.noarch                            0.008-1.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Fatal.noarch                                   0.017-1.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Fatal-doc.noarch                               0.017-1.an23                        os      
perl-Test-File.noarch                                    1.99.3-1.an23                       os      
perl-Test-File-ShareDir.noarch                           1.001002-19.an23                    os      
perl-Test-File-ShareDir-doc.noarch                       1.001002-19.an23                    os      
perl-Test-File-doc.noarch                                1.99.3-1.an23                       os      
perl-Test-HasVersion.noarch                              0.014-22.an23                       os      
perl-Test-HasVersion-doc.noarch                          0.014-22.an23                       os      
perl-Test-Identity.noarch                                0.01-29.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Identity-doc.noarch                            0.01-29.an23                        os      
perl-Test-InDistDir.noarch                               1.112071-1.an23                     os      
perl-Test-InDistDir-doc.noarch                           1.112071-1.an23                     os      
perl-Test-Inter.noarch                                   1.09-14.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Inter-doc.noarch                               1.09-14.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Inter-tests.noarch                             1.09-14.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Kwalitee.noarch                                1.28-13.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Kwalitee-doc.noarch                            1.28-13.an23                        os      
perl-Test-LeakTrace.x86_64                               0.17-10.an23                        os      
perl-Test-LeakTrace-doc.noarch                           0.17-10.an23                        os      
perl-Test-LongString.noarch                              0.17-26.an23                        os      
perl-Test-LongString-doc.noarch                          0.17-26.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Manifest.noarch                                2.023-1.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Manifest-doc.noarch                            2.023-1.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Memory-Cycle.noarch                            1.06-23.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Memory-Cycle-doc.noarch                        1.06-23.an23                        os      
perl-Test-MemoryGrowth.noarch                            0.04-10.an23                        os      
perl-Test-MemoryGrowth-doc.noarch                        0.04-10.an23                        os      
perl-Test-MinimumVersion.noarch                          0.101083-1.an23                     os      
perl-Test-MinimumVersion-doc.noarch                      0.101083-1.an23                     os      
perl-Test-Mojibake.noarch                                1.3-27.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Mojibake-doc.noarch                            1.3-27.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Mojo.noarch                                    9.31-1.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Moose.x86_64                                   2.2203-1.an23                       os      
perl-Test-Needs.noarch                                   0.002010-2.an23                     os      
perl-Test-Needs-doc.noarch                               0.002010-2.an23                     os      
perl-Test-NoTabs.noarch                                  2.02-17.an23                        os      
perl-Test-NoTabs-doc.noarch                              2.02-17.an23                        os      
perl-Test-NoWarnings.noarch                              1.06-2.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Object.noarch                                  0.08-5.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Output.noarch                                  1.03.3-7.an23                       os      
perl-Test-Output-doc.noarch                              1.03.3-7.an23                       os      
perl-Test-Perl-Critic.noarch                             1.04-18.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Perl-Critic-Policy.noarch                      1.148-1.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Perl-Critic-doc.noarch                         1.04-18.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Pod.noarch                                     1.52-1.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Pod-Coverage.noarch                            1.10-11.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Pod-Coverage-doc.noarch                        1.10-11.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Pod-LinkCheck.noarch                           0.008-33.an23                       os      
perl-Test-Pod-LinkCheck-doc.noarch                       0.008-33.an23                       os      
perl-Test-Pod-LinkCheck-tests.noarch                     0.008-33.an23                       os      
perl-Test-Pod-doc.noarch                                 1.52-1.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Portability-Files.noarch                       0.10-5.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Portability-Files-doc.noarch                   0.10-5.an23                         os      
perl-Test-RandomResult.noarch                            0.001-9.an23                        os      
perl-Test-RandomResult-doc.noarch                        0.001-9.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Refcount.noarch                                0.10-11.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Refcount-doc.noarch                            0.10-11.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Regexp.noarch                                  2017040101-20.an23                  os      
perl-Test-Regexp-doc.noarch                              2017040101-20.an23                  os      
perl-Test-Requires.noarch                                0.11-1.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Script.noarch                                  1.29-8.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Script-doc.noarch                              1.29-8.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Spelling.noarch                                0.25-13.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Spelling-doc.noarch                            0.25-13.an23                        os      
perl-Test-SubCalls.noarch                                1.10-4.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Synopsis.noarch                                0.17-8.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Synopsis-doc.noarch                            0.17-8.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Taint.x86_64                                   1.08-1.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Taint-doc.noarch                               1.08-1.an23                         os      
perl-Test-TrailingSpace.noarch                           0.0601-1.an23                       os      
perl-Test-TrailingSpace-doc.noarch                       0.0601-1.an23                       os      
perl-Test-UseAllModules.noarch                           0.17-25.an23                        os      
perl-Test-UseAllModules-doc.noarch                       0.17-25.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Valgrind.noarch                                1.19-22.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Valgrind-doc.noarch                            1.19-22.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Vars.noarch                                    0.015-9.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Vars-doc.noarch                                0.015-9.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Version.noarch                                 2.09-21.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Version-doc.noarch                             2.09-21.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Warn.noarch                                    0.37-1.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Warn-doc.noarch                                0.37-1.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Warnings.noarch                                0.031-2.an23                        os      
perl-Test-Without-Module.noarch                          0.21-1.an23                         os      
perl-Test-Without-Module-doc.noarch                      0.21-1.an23                         os      
perl-Test-YAML.noarch                                    1.07-1.an23                         os      
perl-Test-YAML-doc.noarch                                1.07-1.an23                         os      
perl-Test2-Plugin-NoWarnings.noarch                      0.09-9.an23                         os      
perl-Test2-Plugin-NoWarnings-doc.noarch                  0.09-9.an23                         os      
perl-Test2-Suite.noarch                                  0.000155-1.an23                     os      
perl-Test2-Suite-doc.noarch                              0.000155-1.an23                     os      
perl-Test2-Suite-tests.noarch                            0.000155-1.an23                     os      
perl-TestML.noarch                                       0.54.05-16.an23                     os      
perl-TestML-doc.noarch                                   0.54.05-16.an23                     os      
perl-TestML-tests.noarch                                 0.54.05-16.an23                     os      
perl-Text-BibTeX.x86_64                                  0.89-1.an23                         os      
perl-Text-CSV.noarch                                     2.02-1.an23                         os      
perl-Text-CSV_XS.x86_64                                  1.50-1.an23                         os      
perl-Text-CharWidth.x86_64                               0.04-33.an23                        os      
perl-Text-CharWidth-doc.noarch                           0.04-33.an23                        os      
perl-Text-Roman.noarch                                   3.5-1.an23                          os      
perl-Text-Soundex.x86_64                                 3.05-1.an23                         os      
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap-tests.noarch                         2021.0814-4.an23                    os      
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                               1.30-9.an23                         os      
perl-Text-WrapI18N.noarch                                0.06-31.an23                        os      
perl-Text-WrapI18N-doc.noarch                            0.06-31.an23                        os      
perl-Tie-Cycle.noarch                                    1.227-1.an23                        os      
perl-Tie-IxHash.noarch                                   1.23-16.an23                        os      
perl-Tie-IxHash-doc.noarch                               1.23-16.an23                        os      
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                     1:2.33-2.an23                       os      
perl-Tk.x86_64                                           804.036-1.an23                      os      
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                                     0.31-1.an23                         os      
perl-Type-Tiny.noarch                                    2.002001-2.an23                     os      
perl-Type-Tiny-doc.noarch                                2.002001-2.an23                     os      
perl-Types-Serialiser.noarch                             1.01-1.an23                         os      
perl-Types-Serialiser-doc.noarch                         1.01-1.an23                         os      
perl-UNIVERSAL-isa.noarch                                1.20171012-16.an23                  os      
perl-Unicode-CheckUTF8.x86_64                            1.03-36.an23                        os      
perl-Unicode-CheckUTF8-doc.noarch                        1.03-36.an23                        os      
perl-Unicode-EastAsianWidth.noarch                       12.0-2.an23                         os      
perl-Unicode-Map.x86_64                                  0.112-1.an23                        os      
perl-Variable-Magic.x86_64                               0.63-1.an23                         os      
perl-WWW-Mechanize.noarch                                2.16-1.an23                         os      
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                               6.02-20.an23                        os      
perl-Want.x86_64                                         0.29-1.an23                         os      
perl-Want-doc.noarch                                     0.29-1.an23                         os      
perl-XML-Catalog.noarch                                  1.03-1.an23                         os      
perl-XML-Catalog-doc.noarch                              1.03-1.an23                         os      
perl-XML-DOM.noarch                                      1.46-1.an23                         os      
perl-XML-DOM-doc.noarch                                  1.46-1.an23                         os      
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                                   1:2.0208-1.an23                     os      
perl-XML-LibXML-Simple.noarch                            1.01-1.an23                         os      
perl-XML-LibXML-doc.noarch                               1:2.0208-1.an23                     os      
perl-XML-LibXML-tests.noarch                             1:2.0208-1.an23                     os      
perl-XML-LibXSLT.x86_64                                  2.002.001-1.an23                    os      
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                         1.12-1.an23                         os      
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                                   2.46-2.an23                         os      
perl-XML-RegExp.noarch                                   0.04-1.an23                         os      
perl-XML-RegExp-doc.noarch                               0.04-1.an23                         os      
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                                      1.02-2.an23                         os      
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                                 1.09-2.an23                         os      
perl-XML-TokeParser.noarch                               0.05-1.an23                         os      
perl-XML-TokeParser-doc.noarch                           0.05-1.an23                         os      
perl-XML-Twig.noarch                                     3.52-22.an23                        os      
perl-XML-Twig-doc.noarch                                 3.52-22.an23                        os      
perl-XML-Writer.noarch                                   0.900-1.an23                        os      
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                                    1.48-1.an23                         os      
perl-XML-XPathEngine.noarch                              0.14-27.an23                        os      
perl-XML-XPathEngine-doc.noarch                          0.14-27.an23                        os      
perl-XS-Parse-Keyword.x86_64                             0.32-1.an23                         os      
perl-XS-Parse-Keyword-Builder.x86_64                     0.32-1.an23                         os      
perl-XS-Parse-Keyword-doc.noarch                         0.32-1.an23                         os      
perl-XS-Parse-Keyword-tests.x86_64                       0.32-1.an23                         os      
perl-XS-Parse-Sublike.x86_64                             0.17-1.an23                         os      
perl-XS-Parse-Sublike-Builder.x86_64                     0.17-1.an23                         os      
perl-XS-Parse-Sublike-doc.noarch                         0.17-1.an23                         os      
perl-XS-Parse-Sublike-tests.x86_64                       0.17-1.an23                         os      
perl-XString.x86_64                                      0.005-1.an23                        os      
perl-XXX.noarch                                          0.38-5.an23                         os      
perl-XXX-doc.noarch                                      0.38-5.an23                         os      
perl-XXX-tests.noarch                                    0.38-5.an23                         os      
perl-YAML.noarch                                         1.30-4.an23                         os      
perl-YAML-LibYAML.x86_64                                 1:0.86-1.an23                       os      
perl-YAML-PP.noarch                                      0.035-1.an23                        os      
perl-YAML-PP-doc.noarch                                  0.035-1.an23                        os      
perl-YAML-PP-tests.noarch                                0.035-1.an23                        os      
perl-YAML-Syck.x86_64                                    1.34-1.an23                         os      
perl-YAML-Syck-doc.noarch                                1.34-1.an23                         os      
perl-YAML-Tiny.noarch                                    1.73-3.an23                         os      
perl-YAML-doc.noarch                                     1.30-4.an23                         os      
perl-aliased.noarch                                      0.34-24.an23                        os      
perl-aliased-doc.noarch                                  0.34-24.an23                        os      
perl-autovivification.x86_64                             0.18-1.an23                         os      
perl-bignum-tests.noarch                                 0.66-2.an23                         os      
perl-boolean.noarch                                      0.46-20.an23                        os      
perl-boolean-doc.noarch                                  0.46-20.an23                        os      
perl-common-sense.x86_64                                 3.7.5-1.an23                        os      
perl-common-sense-doc.noarch                             3.7.5-1.an23                        os      
perl-constant-defer.noarch                               6-26.an23                           os      
perl-constant-defer-doc.noarch                           6-26.an23                           os      
perl-constant-defer-tests.noarch                         6-26.an23                           os      
perl-generators.noarch                                   1.16-4.an23                         os      
perl-gettext-doc.noarch                                  1.07-10.an23                        os      
perl-hivex.x86_64                                        1.3.23-1.an23                       os      
perl-homedir.noarch                                      2.000029-2.an23                     os      
perl-libintl-perl.x86_64                                 1.33-4.an23                         os      
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                                  6.67-2.an23                         os      
perl-libxml-perl.noarch                                  0.08-1.an23                         os      
perl-libxml-perl-doc.noarch                              0.08-1.an23                         os      
perl-local-lib-tests.noarch                              2.000029-2.an23                     os      
perl-namespace-autoclean.noarch                          0.29-14.an23                        os      
perl-namespace-clean.noarch                              0.27-22.an23                        os      
perl-podlinkcheck.noarch                                 15-21.an23                          os      
perl-podlinkcheck-doc.noarch                             15-21.an23                          os      
perl-podlinkcheck-tests.noarch                           15-21.an23                          os      
perl-solv.x86_64                                         0.7.23-2.an23                       os      
perl-strictures.noarch                                   2.000006-14.an23                    os      
perl-strictures-doc.noarch                               2.000006-14.an23                    os      
perl-tests.x86_64                                        4:5.36.3-15.an23                    updates 
perl-thrift.noarch                                       0.18.1-1.an23                       os      
perl-utf8-all.noarch                                     0.024-19.an23                       os      
perl-utf8-all-doc.noarch                                 0.024-19.an23                       os      
perlmulticore-devel.x86_64                               1.07-1.an23                         os      
perltidy.noarch                                          20221112-1.an23                     os      
pesign.x86_64                                            116-1.an23                          os      
pesign-doc.noarch                                        116-1.an23                          os      
php.x86_64                                               8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-bcmath.x86_64                                        8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-cli.x86_64                                           8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-common.x86_64                                        8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-dba.x86_64                                           8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-dbg.x86_64                                           8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-devel.x86_64                                         8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-embedded.x86_64                                      8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-enchant.x86_64                                       8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-ffi.x86_64                                           8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-fpm.x86_64                                           8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-gd.x86_64                                            8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-gmp.x86_64                                           8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-intl.x86_64                                          8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-ldap.x86_64                                          8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-libguestfs.x86_64                                    1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
php-mbstring.x86_64                                      8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-mysqlnd.x86_64                                       8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-odbc.x86_64                                          8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-opcache.x86_64                                       8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-pdo.x86_64                                           8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-pgsql.x86_64                                         8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-process.x86_64                                       8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-snmp.x86_64                                          8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-soap.x86_64                                          8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-sodium.x86_64                                        8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-xml.x86_64                                           8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
php-zip.x86_64                                           8.2.10-1.an23                       updates 
pigz.x86_64                                              2.7-2.an23                          os      
pinentry.x86_64                                          1.2.1-3.an23                        os      
pinentry-emacs.x86_64                                    1.2.1-3.an23                        os      
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                                   1.2.1-3.an23                        os      
pinentry-gtk.x86_64                                      1.2.1-3.an23                        os      
pinentry-qt.x86_64                                       1.2.1-3.an23                        os      
pinentry-tty.x86_64                                      1.2.1-3.an23                        os      
pipewire.x86_64                                          0.3.74-1.an23                       updates 
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                     0.3.74-1.an23                       updates 
pipewire-devel.x86_64                                    0.3.74-1.an23                       updates 
pipewire-doc.x86_64                                      0.3.74-1.an23                       updates 
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                                0.3.74-1.an23                       updates 
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                     0.3.74-1.an23                       updates 
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                               0.3.74-1.an23                       updates 
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                    0.3.74-1.an23                       updates 
pipewire-v4l2.x86_64                                     0.3.74-1.an23                       updates 
pixman.x86_64                                            0.42.2-1.an23                       os      
pixman-devel.x86_64                                      0.42.2-1.an23                       os      
plexus-archiver.noarch                                   4.2.7-1.an23                        os      
plexus-archiver-javadoc.noarch                           4.2.7-1.an23                        os      
plexus-build-api.noarch                                  0.0.7-23.an23                       os      
plexus-build-api-javadoc.noarch                          0.0.7-23.an23                       os      
plexus-cipher.noarch                                     2.0-1.an23                          os      
plexus-cipher-javadoc.noarch                             2.0-1.an23                          os      
plexus-classworlds.noarch                                2.6.0-1.an23                        os      
plexus-classworlds-javadoc.noarch                        2.6.0-1.an23                        os      
plexus-compiler.noarch                                   2.12.1-1.an23                       os      
plexus-compiler-extras.noarch                            2.12.1-1.an23                       os      
plexus-compiler-javadoc.noarch                           2.12.1-1.an23                       os      
plexus-compiler-pom.noarch                               2.12.1-1.an23                       os      
plexus-components-pom.noarch                             10.0-1.an23                         os      
plexus-containers.noarch                                 2.1.1-1.an23                        os      
plexus-containers-component-annotations.noarch           2.1.1-1.an23                        os      
plexus-containers-component-metadata.noarch              2.1.1-1.an23                        os      
plexus-containers-container-default.noarch               2.1.1-1.an23                        os      
plexus-containers-javadoc.noarch                         2.1.1-1.an23                        os      
plexus-interpolation.noarch                              1.26-4.an23                         os      
plexus-interpolation-javadoc.noarch                      1.26-4.an23                         os      
plexus-io.noarch                                         3.2.0-1.an23                        os      
plexus-io-javadoc.noarch                                 3.2.0-1.an23                        os      
plexus-languages.noarch                                  1.1.1-1.an23                        os      
plexus-languages-javadoc.noarch                          1.1.1-1.an23                        os      
plexus-pom.noarch                                        10-1.an23                           os      
plexus-resources.noarch                                  1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
plexus-resources-javadoc.noarch                          1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
plexus-sec-dispatcher.noarch                             2.0-1.an23                          os      
plexus-sec-dispatcher-javadoc.noarch                     2.0-1.an23                          os      
plexus-utils.noarch                                      3.4.2-1.an23                        os      
plexus-utils-javadoc.noarch                              3.4.2-1.an23                        os      
plotutils.x86_64                                         2.6-1.an23                          os      
plotutils-devel.x86_64                                   2.6-1.an23                          os      
plymouth.x86_64                                          22.02.122-4.an23                    os      
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                                22.02.122-4.an23                    os      
plymouth-devel.x86_64                                    22.02.122-4.an23                    os      
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                            22.02.122-4.an23                    os      
plymouth-plugin-fade-throbber.x86_64                     22.02.122-4.an23                    os      
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                             22.02.122-4.an23                    os      
plymouth-plugin-script.x86_64                            22.02.122-4.an23                    os      
plymouth-plugin-space-flares.x86_64                      22.02.122-4.an23                    os      
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                          22.02.122-4.an23                    os      
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                                  22.02.122-4.an23                    os      
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                             22.02.122-4.an23                    os      
plymouth-theme-fade-in.x86_64                            22.02.122-4.an23                    os      
plymouth-theme-glow.x86_64                               22.02.122-4.an23                    os      
plymouth-theme-script.x86_64                             22.02.122-4.an23                    os      
plymouth-theme-solar.x86_64                              22.02.122-4.an23                    os      
plymouth-theme-spinfinity.x86_64                         22.02.122-4.an23                    os      
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                            22.02.122-4.an23                    os      
pmix.x86_64                                              4.2.3-1.an23                        os      
pmix-devel.x86_64                                        4.2.3-1.an23                        os      
pmix-tools.x86_64                                        4.2.3-1.an23                        os      
pngcrush.x86_64                                          1.8.13-1.an23                       os      
po4a.noarch                                              0.69-1.an23                         os      
po4a-doc.noarch                                          0.69-1.an23                         os      
polardb.x86_64                                           11.9.20.0-1.an23                    os      
policycoreutils.x86_64                                   3.5-1.an23                          os      
policycoreutils-dbus.noarch                              3.5-1.an23                          os      
policycoreutils-devel.x86_64                             3.5-1.an23                          os      
policycoreutils-gui.noarch                               3.5-1.an23                          os      
policycoreutils-newrole.x86_64                           3.5-1.an23                          os      
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                      3.5-1.an23                          os      
policycoreutils-restorecond.x86_64                       3.5-1.an23                          os      
policycoreutils-sandbox.x86_64                           3.5-1.an23                          os      
polkit.x86_64                                            122-2.an23                          os      
polkit-devel.x86_64                                      122-2.an23                          os      
polkit-docs.noarch                                       122-2.an23                          os      
polkit-gnome.x86_64                                      0.106-1.an23                        os      
polkit-libs.x86_64                                       122-2.an23                          os      
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                                0.1-2.an23                          os      
poppler.x86_64                                           23.05.0-2.an23                      updates 
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                       23.05.0-2.an23                      updates 
poppler-cpp-devel.x86_64                                 23.05.0-2.an23                      updates 
poppler-data.noarch                                      0.4.12-1.an23                       os      
poppler-data-devel.noarch                                0.4.12-1.an23                       os      
poppler-devel.x86_64                                     23.05.0-2.an23                      updates 
poppler-doc.noarch                                       23.05.0-2.an23                      updates 
poppler-glib.x86_64                                      23.05.0-2.an23                      updates 
poppler-glib-devel.x86_64                                23.05.0-2.an23                      updates 
poppler-glib-doc.noarch                                  23.05.0-2.an23                      updates 
poppler-qt5.x86_64                                       23.05.0-2.an23                      updates 
poppler-qt5-devel.x86_64                                 23.05.0-2.an23                      updates 
poppler-utils.x86_64                                     23.05.0-2.an23                      updates 
popt-devel.x86_64                                        1.19-2.an23                         os      
popt-static.x86_64                                       1.19-2.an23                         os      
postfix.x86_64                                           2:3.7.7-1.an23                      updates 
postfix-cdb.x86_64                                       2:3.7.7-1.an23                      updates 
postfix-ldap.x86_64                                      2:3.7.7-1.an23                      updates 
postfix-lmdb.x86_64                                      2:3.7.7-1.an23                      updates 
postfix-mysql.x86_64                                     2:3.7.7-1.an23                      updates 
postfix-pcre.x86_64                                      2:3.7.7-1.an23                      updates 
postfix-perl-scripts.x86_64                              2:3.7.7-1.an23                      updates 
postfix-pgsql.x86_64                                     2:3.7.7-1.an23                      updates 
postfix-sqlite.x86_64                                    2:3.7.7-1.an23                      updates 
postgresql.x86_64                                        15.5-1.an23                         updates 
postgresql-contrib.x86_64                                15.5-1.an23                         updates 
postgresql-docs.x86_64                                   15.5-1.an23                         updates 
postgresql-plperl.x86_64                                 15.5-1.an23                         updates 
postgresql-plpython3.x86_64                              15.5-1.an23                         updates 
postgresql-pltcl.x86_64                                  15.5-1.an23                         updates 
postgresql-private-devel.x86_64                          15.5-1.an23                         updates 
postgresql-private-libs.x86_64                           15.5-1.an23                         updates 
postgresql-server.x86_64                                 15.5-1.an23                         updates 
postgresql-server-devel.x86_64                           15.5-1.an23                         updates 
postgresql-static.x86_64                                 15.5-1.an23                         updates 
postgresql-test.x86_64                                   15.5-1.an23                         updates 
postgresql-test-rpm-macros.noarch                        15.5-1.an23                         updates 
postgresql-upgrade.x86_64                                15.5-1.an23                         updates 
postgresql-upgrade-devel.x86_64                          15.5-1.an23                         updates 
potrace.x86_64                                           1.16-1.an23                         os      
potrace-devel.x86_64                                     1.16-1.an23                         os      
powertop.x86_64                                          2.15-1.an23                         os      
ppp.x86_64                                               2.5.0-1.an23                        updates 
ppp-devel.x86_64                                         2.5.0-1.an23                        updates 
ppp-doc.x86_64                                           2.4.9-3.an23                        os      
ppp-doc.noarch                                           2.5.0-1.an23                        updates 
pprof.noarch                                             2.10-2.an23                         updates 
pps-tools.x86_64                                         1.0.3-1.an23                        os      
pps-tools-devel.noarch                                   1.0.3-1.an23                        os      
pre-commit.noarch                                        3.2.2-1.an23                        os      
pre-commit-doc.noarch                                    3.2.2-1.an23                        os      
prefixdevname.x86_64                                     0.1.0-2.an23                        os      
privoxy.x86_64                                           3.0.34-1.an23                       updates 
privoxy-doc.noarch                                       3.0.34-1.an23                       updates 
procmail.x86_64                                          3.24-1.an23                         os      
procps-ng.x86_64                                         3.3.17-5.an23                       updates 
procps-ng-devel.x86_64                                   3.3.17-5.an23                       updates 
procps-ng-doc.noarch                                     3.3.17-5.an23                       updates 
procps-ng-i18n.noarch                                    3.3.17-5.an23                       updates 
protobuf.x86_64                                          3.19.6-4.an23                       os      
protobuf-c.x86_64                                        1.4.1-3.an23                        os      
protobuf-c-compiler.x86_64                               1.4.1-3.an23                        os      
protobuf-c-devel.x86_64                                  1.4.1-3.an23                        os      
protobuf-compiler.x86_64                                 3.19.6-4.an23                       os      
protobuf-devel.x86_64                                    3.19.6-4.an23                       os      
protobuf-emacs.noarch                                    3.19.6-4.an23                       os      
protobuf-lite.x86_64                                     3.19.6-4.an23                       os      
protobuf-lite-devel.x86_64                               3.19.6-4.an23                       os      
protobuf-lite-static.x86_64                              3.19.6-4.an23                       os      
protobuf-static.x86_64                                   3.19.6-4.an23                       os      
protobuf-vim.noarch                                      3.19.6-4.an23                       os      
pskctool.x86_64                                          2.6.7-1.an23                        os      
psl.x86_64                                               0.21.1-5.an23                       os      
psl-make-dafsa.x86_64                                    0.21.1-5.an23                       os      
psmisc.x86_64                                            23.6-1.an23                         os      
pstoedit.x86_64                                          3.78-1.an23                         os      
pstoedit-devel.x86_64                                    3.78-1.an23                         os      
psutils.noarch                                           2.10-1.an23                         os      
publicsuffix-list.noarch                                 20230718-1.an23                     updates 
pulseaudio.x86_64                                        16.1-2.an23                         os      
pulseaudio-gdm-hooks.x86_64                              16.1-2.an23                         os      
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                                   16.1-2.an23                         os      
pulseaudio-libs-devel.x86_64                             16.1-2.an23                         os      
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                             16.1-2.an23                         os      
pulseaudio-module-bluetooth.x86_64                       16.1-2.an23                         os      
pulseaudio-module-gsettings.x86_64                       16.1-2.an23                         os      
pulseaudio-module-x11.x86_64                             16.1-2.an23                         os      
pulseaudio-module-zeroconf.x86_64                        16.1-2.an23                         os      
pulseaudio-qpaeq.x86_64                                  16.1-2.an23                         os      
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                                  16.1-2.an23                         os      
py3c-devel.x86_64                                        1.4-1.an23                          os      
py3c-doc.noarch                                          1.4-1.an23                          os      
pybind11-devel.x86_64                                    2.10.4-1.an23                       os      
pybind11-doc.noarch                                      2.10.4-1.an23                       os      
pyjson5.noarch                                           0.9.12-1.an23                       os      
pykickstart.noarch                                       3.43-1.an23                         os      
pyparsing-doc.noarch                                     3.0.7-1.an23                        os      
pyproject-rpm-macros.noarch                              1.10.0-1.an23                       updates 
pyproject-rpm-macros-doc.noarch                          1.10.0-1.an23                       updates 
pyproject-srpm-macros.noarch                             1.10.0-1.an23                       updates 
python-CommonMark-utils.noarch                           0.9.1-1.an23                        os      
python-anytree-doc.noarch                                2.8.0-1.an23                        os      
python-cffi-doc.noarch                                   1.15.1-2.an23                       os      
python-cmarkgfm-doc.noarch                               0.8.0-1.an23                        os      
python-cups-doc.x86_64                                   2.0.1-1.an23                        os      
python-dateutil-doc.noarch                               1:2.8.2-4.an23                      os      
python-entrypoints-doc.noarch                            0.3-1.an23                          os      
python-frozenlist-doc.noarch                             1.3.3-1.an23                        os      
python-jaraco-classes-doc.noarch                         3.2.3-1.an23                        os      
python-jaraco-functools-doc.noarch                       3.5.2-1.an23                        os      
python-ldb-devel-common.x86_64                           2.7.2-2.an23                        os      
python-libcomps-doc.noarch                               0.1.19-2.an23                       os      
python-multilib-conf.noarch                              1.2-1.an23                          os      
python-parameterized-doc.noarch                          0.8.1-1.an23                        os      
python-paramiko-doc.noarch                               2.12.0-1.an23                       os      
python-pefile-doc.noarch                                 2023.2.7-1.an23                     os      
python-pyrsistent-doc.noarch                             0.19.3-2.an23                       os      
python-pyserial-doc.noarch                               3.5-2.an23                          os      
python-qpid-proton-docs.noarch                           0.38.0-1.an23                       os      
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                             5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python-smartypants-doc.noarch                            2.0.1-1.an23                        os      
python-sphinx_rtd_theme-doc.noarch                       1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                                235-2.an23                          os      
python-typogrify-doc.noarch                              2.0.7-1.an23                        os      
python-unversioned-command.noarch                        3.10.13-1.an23                      updates 
python-utils-docs.noarch                                 3.5.2-1.an23                        os      
python-wheel-wheel.noarch                                0.38.4-1.an23                       os      
python3-CommonMark.noarch                                0.9.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-CommonMark-doc.noarch                            0.9.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-Cython.x86_64                                    0.29.32-2.an23                      os      
python3-Cython-doc.noarch                                0.29.32-2.an23                      os      
python3-aiodns.noarch                                    3.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-aiohttp.x86_64                                   3.8.4-2.an23                        os      
python3-aiohttp+speedups.x86_64                          3.8.4-2.an23                        os      
python3-aiosignal.noarch                                 1.3.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-aiosignal-doc.noarch                             1.3.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-aiosmtpd.noarch                                  1.4.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-anyio.noarch                                     3.5.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-anyio+trio.noarch                                3.5.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-anyio-doc.noarch                                 3.5.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-anytree.noarch                                   2.8.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-appdirs.noarch                                   1.4.4-1.an23                        os      
python3-argcomplete.noarch                               2.0.0-4.an23                        os      
python3-argon2-cffi.noarch                               21.3.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-argon2-cffi-bindings.x86_64                      21.2.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-arrow.noarch                                     1.2.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-asgiref.noarch                                   3.6.0-1.an23                        updates 
python3-asn1crypto.noarch                                1.5.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-asn1crypto-doc.noarch                            1.5.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-astroid.noarch                                   2.15.4-1.an23                       os      
python3-asttokens.noarch                                 2.2.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-async-generator.noarch                           1.10-1.an23                         os      
python3-async-lru.noarch                                 2.0.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-async-timeout.noarch                             4.0.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-asyncssh.noarch                                  2.14.1-1.an23                       updates 
python3-asyncssh-doc.noarch                              2.14.1-1.an23                       updates 
python3-atpublic.x86_64                                  3.1.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-atpublic-doc.noarch                              3.1.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-attrs.noarch                                     21.4.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-audit.x86_64                                     3.1.1-2.an23                        os      
python3-autobahn.noarch                                  23.6.2-1.an23                       updates 
python3-autobahn+twisted.noarch                          23.6.2-1.an23                       updates 
python3-autobahn-doc.noarch                              23.6.2-1.an23                       updates 
python3-automat.noarch                                   22.10.0-1.an23                      os      
python3-automat-doc.noarch                               22.10.0-1.an23                      os      
python3-avahi.x86_64                                     0.8-6.an23                          updates 
python3-babel.noarch                                     2.12.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-babeltrace.x86_64                                1.5.11-2.an23                       os      
python3-backcall.noarch                                  0.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-bcc.noarch                                       0.27.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-bcrypt.x86_64                                    3.2.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-bcrypt-doc.noarch                                3.2.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                            4.12.2-1.an23                       os      
python3-betamax.noarch                                   0.8.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-bleach.noarch                                    6.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-blivet.noarch                                    1:3.6.1-1.an23                      os      
python3-blockdev.x86_64                                  2.28-2.an23                         os      
python3-breathe.noarch                                   4.35.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-breathe-doc.noarch                               4.35.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                    0.8.4-5.an23                        os      
python3-brotli.x86_64                                    1.0.9-5.an23                        os      
python3-bson.x86_64                                      4.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-btrfsutil.x86_64                                 6.1.2-2.an23                        os      
python3-build.noarch                                     0.10.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-build+virtualenv.noarch                          0.10.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-bytesize.x86_64                                  2.7-2.an23                          os      
python3-cachetools.noarch                                5.3.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-cachetools-doc.noarch                            5.3.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-cairo.x86_64                                     1.23.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-cairo-devel.x86_64                               1.23.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-cairocffi.noarch                                 1.3.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-cairocffi-doc.noarch                             1.3.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-cbor2.x86_64                                     5.1.2-1.an23                        updates 
python3-cbor2-doc.noarch                                 5.1.2-1.an23                        updates 
python3-cepces.noarch                                    0.3.7-1.an23                        os      
python3-ceph-argparse.x86_64                             2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
python3-ceph-common.x86_64                               2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
python3-cephfs.x86_64                                    2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
python3-certifi.noarch                                   2023.07.22-1.an23                   updates 
python3-certifi-doc.noarch                               2023.07.22-1.an23                   updates 
python3-cffi.x86_64                                      1.15.1-2.an23                       os      
python3-cfgv.noarch                                      3.3.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-chardet.noarch                                   5.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-chardet-doc.noarch                               5.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                        3.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-cheetah.x86_64                                   3.3.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-cheetah-doc.noarch                               3.3.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-cheroot.noarch                                   9.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-cherrypy.noarch                                  18.8.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-clang.x86_64                                     16.0.6-2.an23                       updates 
python3-click.noarch                                     8.1.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-cloudpickle.noarch                               2.2.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-cloudpickle-doc.noarch                           2.2.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-cmarkgfm.x86_64                                  0.8.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-cmd2.noarch                                      2.4.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-colorama.noarch                                  0.4.6-1.an23                        os      
python3-colorama-doc.noarch                              0.4.6-1.an23                        os      
python3-colorlog.noarch                                  6.6.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-colorlog-doc.noarch                              6.6.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-configobj.noarch                                 5.0.8-2.an23                        updates 
python3-configobj-doc.noarch                             5.0.8-2.an23                        updates 
python3-configshell.noarch                               1:1.1.29-1.an23                     os      
python3-constantly.noarch                                15.1.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-constantly-doc.noarch                            15.1.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-construct.noarch                                 2.10.68-1.an23                      os      
python3-construct-doc.noarch                             2.10.68-1.an23                      os      
python3-contourpy.x86_64                                 1.0.7-1.an23                        os      
python3-contourpy-doc.x86_64                             1.0.7-1.an23                        os      
python3-coverage.x86_64                                  7.2.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-coverage+toml.x86_64                             7.2.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-coverage-doc.x86_64                              7.2.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-cppy.noarch                                      1.2.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-cppy-doc.noarch                                  1.2.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-cracklib.x86_64                                  2.9.8-1.an23                        os      
python3-createrepo_c.x86_64                              0.20.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-criu.x86_64                                      3.17.1-2.an23                       os      
python3-cryptography.x86_64                              39.0.0-4.an23                       updates 
python3-cryptography-doc.noarch                          39.0.0-4.an23                       updates 
python3-cssselect.noarch                                 1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-cups.x86_64                                      2.0.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-curio.noarch                                     1.6-1.an23                          os      
python3-cycler.noarch                                    0.11.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-cycler-doc.noarch                                0.11.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-dasbus.noarch                                    1.7-1.an23                          os      
python3-dateutil.noarch                                  1:2.8.2-4.an23                      os      
python3-dbus.x86_64                                      1.3.2-2.an23                        os      
python3-dbusmock.noarch                                  0.28.7-1.an23                       os      
python3-dbusmock-doc.noarch                              0.28.7-1.an23                       os      
python3-debug.x86_64                                     3.10.13-1.an23                      updates 
python3-decorator.noarch                                 5.1.1-2.an23                        os      
python3-defusedxml.noarch                                0.7.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-deprecation.noarch                               2.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-devel.x86_64                                     3.10.13-1.an23                      updates 
python3-distlib.x86_64                                   0.3.6-1.an23                        os      
python3-distro.noarch                                    1.8.0-2.an23                        os      
python3-distutils-extra.noarch                           2.39-1.an23                         os      
python3-distutils-extra-doc.noarch                       2.39-1.an23                         os      
python3-django.noarch                                    4.2.7-1.an23                        updates 
python3-django-bash-completion.noarch                    4.2.7-1.an23                        updates 
python3-django-doc.noarch                                4.2.7-1.an23                        updates 
python3-dnf-plugin-leaves.noarch                         4.3.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-dnf-plugin-local.noarch                          4.3.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-dnf-plugin-post-transaction-actions.noarch       4.3.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-dnf-plugin-show-leaves.noarch                    4.3.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-dnf-plugin-versionlock.noarch                    4.3.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                          4.3.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-dns.noarch                                       2.3.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-dns+dnssec.noarch                                2.3.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-dns+idna.noarch                                  2.3.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-docopt.noarch                                    0.6.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-docopt-doc.noarch                                0.6.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-docs.noarch                                      3.10.12-1.an23                      os      
python3-docs-theme.noarch                                2023.3.1-1.an23                     os      
python3-docutils.noarch                                  0.19-1.an23                         os      
python3-editables.noarch                                 0.3-3.an23                          os      
python3-editables-doc.noarch                             0.3-3.an23                          os      
python3-enchant.noarch                                   3.2.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-enchant-doc.noarch                               3.2.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-entrypoints.noarch                               0.3-1.an23                          os      
python3-ethtool.x86_64                                   0.15-1.an23                         os      
python3-eventlet.noarch                                  0.33.3-1.an23                       os      
python3-eventlet-doc.noarch                              0.33.3-1.an23                       os      
python3-exceptiongroup.noarch                            1.1.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-exceptiongroup-doc.noarch                        1.1.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-execnet.noarch                                   1.9.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-execnet-doc.noarch                               1.9.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-executing.noarch                                 1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-fastjsonschema.noarch                            2.16.3-1.an23                       os      
python3-file-magic.noarch                                5.44-2.an23                         os      
python3-filelock.noarch                                  3.9.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-firewall.noarch                                  1.2.5-1.an23                        os      
python3-flake8.noarch                                    5.0.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-flaky.noarch                                     3.7.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-flit.noarch                                      3.8.0-5.an23                        os      
python3-flit-core.noarch                                 3.8.0-5.an23                        os      
python3-flit-doc.noarch                                  3.8.0-5.an23                        os      
python3-flit-scm.noarch                                  1.7.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-flit-scm-doc.noarch                              1.7.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-fonttools.x86_64                                 4.39.2-1.an23                       os      
python3-fonttools+graphite.x86_64                        4.39.2-1.an23                       os      
python3-fonttools+interpolatable.x86_64                  4.39.2-1.an23                       os      
python3-fonttools+lxml.x86_64                            4.39.2-1.an23                       os      
python3-fonttools+plot.x86_64                            4.39.2-1.an23                       os      
python3-fonttools+symfont.x86_64                         4.39.2-1.an23                       os      
python3-fonttools+type1.x86_64                           4.39.2-1.an23                       os      
python3-fonttools+ufo.x86_64                             4.39.2-1.an23                       os      
python3-fonttools+unicode.x86_64                         4.39.2-1.an23                       os      
python3-fonttools+woff.x86_64                            4.39.2-1.an23                       os      
python3-fqdn.noarch                                      1.5.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-freezegun.noarch                                 1.2.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-freezegun-doc.noarch                             1.2.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-frozenlist.x86_64                                1.3.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-fs.noarch                                        2.4.16-1.an23                       os      
python3-fs-doc.noarch                                    2.4.16-1.an23                       os      
python3-future.noarch                                    0.18.3-1.an23                       os      
python3-genshi.x86_64                                    0.7.7-1.an23                        os      
python3-genshi-doc.x86_64                                0.7.7-1.an23                        os      
python3-geoip2.noarch                                    4.6.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-geoip2-doc.noarch                                4.6.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-gevent.x86_64                                    21.12.0-1.an23                      os      
python3-gmpy2.x86_64                                     2.1.5-1.an23                        os      
python3-gmpy2-doc.noarch                                 2.1.5-1.an23                        os      
python3-gobject.x86_64                                   3.44.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                              3.44.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-gobject-devel.x86_64                             3.44.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-google-auth.noarch                               1:2.16.3-1.an23                     os      
python3-google-auth-doc.noarch                           1:2.16.3-1.an23                     os      
python3-greenlet.x86_64                                  1.1.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-greenlet-devel.x86_64                            1.1.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-gssapi.x86_64                                    1.7.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-gunicorn.noarch                                  20.1.0-2.an23                       os      
python3-gunicorn-doc.noarch                              20.1.0-2.an23                       os      
python3-h11.noarch                                       0.13.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-hamcrest.noarch                                  2.0.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-hatch-fancy-pypi-readme.noarch                   22.3.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-hatch-fancy-pypi-readme-doc.noarch               22.3.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-hatch-jupyter-builder.noarch                     0.8.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-hatch-vcs.noarch                                 0.3.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-hatch-vcs-doc.noarch                             0.3.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-hatchling.noarch                                 1.14.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-hatchling-doc.noarch                             1.14.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-hidapi.x86_64                                    0.13.1-2.an23                       os      
python3-hivex.x86_64                                     1.3.23-1.an23                       os      
python3-html5lib.noarch                                  1.1-1.an23                          os      
python3-html5lib+all.noarch                              1.1-1.an23                          os      
python3-html5lib+chardet.noarch                          1.1-1.an23                          os      
python3-html5lib+genshi.noarch                           1.1-1.an23                          os      
python3-html5lib+lxml.noarch                             1.1-1.an23                          os      
python3-html5lib-doc.noarch                              1.1-1.an23                          os      
python3-httpcore.noarch                                  0.15.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-httpx.noarch                                     0.23.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-hyperlink.noarch                                 21.0.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-hyperlink-doc.noarch                             21.0.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-hypothesis.noarch                                6.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-hypothesis+cli.noarch                            6.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-hypothesis+codemods.noarch                       6.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-hypothesis+dateutil.noarch                       6.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-hypothesis+django.noarch                         6.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-hypothesis+ghostwriter.noarch                    6.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-hypothesis+lark.noarch                           6.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-hypothesis+numpy.noarch                          6.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-hypothesis+pandas.noarch                         6.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-hypothesis+pytest.noarch                         6.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-hypothesis+pytz.noarch                           6.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-hypothesis+redis.noarch                          6.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-hypothesis+zoneinfo.noarch                       6.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-hypothesis-doc.noarch                            6.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-hypothesmith.noarch                              0.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-identify.noarch                                  2.5.24-1.an23                       os      
python3-idle.x86_64                                      3.10.13-1.an23                      updates 
python3-idna.noarch                                      3.4-1.an23                          os      
python3-imagesize.noarch                                 1.4.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-imagesize-doc.noarch                             1.4.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-imath.x86_64                                     3.1.7-1.an23                        os      
python3-importlib-metadata.noarch                        6.6.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-importlib-metadata-doc.noarch                    6.6.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-incremental.noarch                               22.10.0-1.an23                      os      
python3-iniconfig.noarch                                 1.1.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-iniconfig-doc.noarch                             1.1.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-ipykernel.noarch                                 6.17.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-ipython.noarch                                   8.12.0-2.an23                       os      
python3-ipywidgets.noarch                                8.0.6-1.an23                        os      
python3-iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                     2.1.8-2.an23                        os      
python3-isodate.noarch                                   0.6.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-isodate-doc.noarch                               0.6.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-isoduration.noarch                               20.11.0-1.an23                      os      
python3-isomd5sum.x86_64                                 1.2.3-4.an23                        os      
python3-isort.noarch                                     5.12.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-jaraco.noarch                                    9.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-jaraco-classes.noarch                            3.2.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-jaraco-collections.noarch                        3.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-jaraco-functools.noarch                          3.5.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-jaraco-packaging.noarch                          9.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-jaraco-packaging-doc.noarch                      9.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-jaraco-text.noarch                               3.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-javapackages.noarch                              6.1.0-4.an23                        os      
python3-jedi.noarch                                      0.18.2-1.an23                       os      
python3-jeepney.noarch                                   0.8.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-jeepney-doc.noarch                               0.8.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-jinja2.noarch                                    3.1.2-2.an23                        os      
python3-jinja2+i18n.noarch                               3.1.2-2.an23                        os      
python3-joblib.noarch                                    1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-joblib-doc.noarch                                1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-json-logger.noarch                               2.0.7-1.an23                        os      
python3-json5.noarch                                     0.9.12-1.an23                       os      
python3-jsonpatch.noarch                                 1.32-3.an23                         os      
python3-jsonpointer.noarch                               2.3-2.an23                          os      
python3-jsonschema.noarch                                4.17.3-1.an23                       os      
python3-jsonschema+format.noarch                         4.17.3-1.an23                       os      
python3-jsonschema+format-nongpl.noarch                  4.17.3-1.an23                       os      
python3-jupyter-client.noarch                            7.4.9-2.an23                        os      
python3-jupyter-client-doc.noarch                        7.4.9-2.an23                        os      
python3-jupyter-core.noarch                              5.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-jupyter-core-doc.noarch                          5.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-jupyter-events.noarch                            0.6.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-jupyter-filesystem.noarch                        5.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-jupyter-lsp.noarch                               2.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-jupyter-packaging.noarch                         0.12.3-1.an23                       os      
python3-jupyter-server.noarch                            2.5.0-2.an23                        os      
python3-jupyter-server+test.noarch                       2.5.0-2.an23                        os      
python3-jupyter-server-terminals.noarch                  0.4.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-jupyterlab-server.noarch                         2.22.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-jupyterlab-server+test.noarch                    2.22.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-jupyterlab_pygments.noarch                       0.1.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-jwt.noarch                                       2.6.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-jwt+crypto.noarch                                2.6.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-kdcproxy.noarch                                  1.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-keyring.noarch                                   23.11.0-1.an23                      os      
python3-kickstart.noarch                                 3.43-1.an23                         os      
python3-kiwisolver.x86_64                                1.4.4-1.an23                        os      
python3-kiwisolver-doc.x86_64                            1.4.4-1.an23                        os      
python3-kmod.x86_64                                      0.9-1.an23                          os      
python3-koji.noarch                                      1.32.1-2.an23                       updates 
python3-koji-cli-plugins.noarch                          1.32.1-2.an23                       updates 
python3-koji-hub.noarch                                  1.32.1-2.an23                       updates 
python3-koji-hub-plugins.noarch                          1.32.1-2.an23                       updates 
python3-koji-web.noarch                                  1.32.1-2.an23                       updates 
python3-kubernetes.noarch                                1:26.1.0-1.an23                     os      
python3-kubernetes-doc.noarch                            1:26.1.0-1.an23                     os      
python3-langtable.noarch                                 0.0.61-3.an23                       os      
python3-lark-parser.noarch                               0.9.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-lark-parser-doc.noarch                           0.9.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-lazy-object-proxy.x86_64                         1.9.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-ldb.x86_64                                       2.7.2-2.an23                        os      
python3-ldb-devel.x86_64                                 2.7.2-2.an23                        os      
python3-libcst.noarch                                    0.3.21-1.an23                       os      
python3-libevdev.noarch                                  0.11-2.an23                         os      
python3-libfdt.x86_64                                    1.6.1-3.an23                        os      
python3-libftdi.x86_64                                   1.5-1.an23                          os      
python3-libguestfs.x86_64                                1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
python3-libipa_hbac.x86_64                               2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-libiptcdata.x86_64                               1.0.5-3.an23                        os      
python3-libmodulemd.x86_64                               2.14.0-2.an23                       os      
python3-libmount.x86_64                                  2.38.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-libnacl.noarch                                   1.7.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-libnacl-doc.noarch                               1.7.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-libnbd.x86_64                                    1.18.1-1.an23                       updates 
python3-libnl3.x86_64                                    3.7.0-2.an23                        os      
python3-libpamtest.x86_64                                1.1.4-1.an23                        os      
python3-libplist.x86_64                                  2.2.0-6.an23                        os      
python3-libproxy.noarch                                  0.4.18-3.an23                       os      
python3-librepo.x86_64                                   1.15.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-libreport.x86_64                                 2.17.6-2.an23                       os      
python3-libselinux.x86_64                                3.5-2.an23                          updates 
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                               3.5-1.an23                          os      
python3-libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                          2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-libstoragemgmt.x86_64                            1.9.7-1.an23                        os      
python3-libuser.x86_64                                   0.64-1.an23                         os      
python3-libvirt.x86_64                                   9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
python3-libvirt-doc.noarch                               9.9.0-1.an23                        updates 
python3-libxml2.x86_64                                   2.11.5-1.an23                       updates 
python3-linkify-it-py.noarch                             2.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-linkify-it-py-doc.noarch                         2.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-linux-procfs.noarch                              0.7.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-lit.noarch                                       16.0.6-1.an23                       updates 
python3-littleutils.noarch                               0.2.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-lldb.x86_64                                      16.0.6-1.an23                       updates 
python3-logutils.noarch                                  0.3.5-1.an23                        os      
python3-logutils-doc.noarch                              0.3.5-1.an23                        os      
python3-lttngust.x86_64                                  2.13.5-2.an23                       os      
python3-lxml.x86_64                                      4.9.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-lz4.x86_64                                       4.3.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-lz4-doc.x86_64                                   4.3.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-mako.noarch                                      1.2.4-2.an23                        os      
python3-mallard-ducktype.noarch                          1.0.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-mallard-ducktype-doc.noarch                      1.0.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-markdown.noarch                                  3.4.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-markdown-it-py.noarch                            2.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-markdown-it-py+linkify.noarch                    2.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-markdown-it-py+plugins.noarch                    2.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-markdown-it-py-doc.noarch                        2.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                                2.1.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-matplotlib.x86_64                                3.7.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-matplotlib-data.noarch                           3.7.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-matplotlib-data-fonts.noarch                     3.7.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-matplotlib-doc.x86_64                            3.7.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-matplotlib-gtk3.x86_64                           3.7.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-matplotlib-gtk4.x86_64                           3.7.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-matplotlib-inline.noarch                         0.1.6-1.an23                        os      
python3-matplotlib-qt5.x86_64                            3.7.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-matplotlib-test-data.x86_64                      3.7.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-matplotlib-tk.x86_64                             3.7.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-maxminddb.x86_64                                 2.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-maxminddb-doc.noarch                             2.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-mccabe.noarch                                    0.7.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-mdit-py-plugins.noarch                           0.3.5-1.an23                        os      
python3-mdit-py-plugins-doc.noarch                       0.3.5-1.an23                        os      
python3-mdurl.noarch                                     0.1.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-mdurl-doc.noarch                                 0.1.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-meh.noarch                                       0.51-1.an23                         os      
python3-meh-gui.noarch                                   0.51-1.an23                         os      
python3-mistune.noarch                                   2.0.4-1.an23                        os      
python3-mistune-doc.noarch                               2.0.4-1.an23                        os      
python3-mock.noarch                                      4.0.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-mock-doc.noarch                                  4.0.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-mod_wsgi.x86_64                                  4.9.4-1.an23                        os      
python3-mod_wsgi-doc.noarch                              4.9.4-1.an23                        os      
python3-more-itertools.noarch                            9.1.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-more-itertools-doc.noarch                        9.1.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-mpich.x86_64                                     4.0.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-mpmath.noarch                                    1.3.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-mpmath-doc.noarch                                1.3.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-multidict.x86_64                                 6.0.4-1.an23                        os      
python3-multilib.noarch                                  1.2-1.an23                          os      
python3-multilib-doc.noarch                              1.2-1.an23                          os      
python3-munkres.noarch                                   1.1.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-munkres-doc.noarch                               1.1.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-mypy.noarch                                      1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-mypy_extensions.noarch                           1.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-mysqlclient.x86_64                               2.1.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-mysqlclient-doc.x86_64                           2.1.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-myst-parser.noarch                               1.0.0-2.an23                        os      
python3-natsort.noarch                                   7.1.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-natsort-doc.noarch                               7.1.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-nbclient.noarch                                  0.7.2-2.an23                        os      
python3-nbconvert.noarch                                 7.2.5-1.an23                        os      
python3-nbconvert-doc.noarch                             7.2.5-1.an23                        os      
python3-nbformat.noarch                                  5.7.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-nest-asyncio.noarch                              1.5.6-1.an23                        os      
python3-net-snmp.x86_64                                  1:5.9.3-4.an23                      os      
python3-netaddr.noarch                                   0.8.0-2.an23                        os      
python3-netaddr-shell.noarch                             0.8.0-2.an23                        os      
python3-netifaces.x86_64                                 0.11.0-2.an23                       os      
python3-networkx.noarch                                  2.8.8-1.an23                        os      
python3-newt.x86_64                                      0.52.23-1.an23                      os      
python3-nftables.x86_64                                  1:1.0.7-2.an23                      os      
python3-nocasedict.noarch                                2.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-nocasedict-doc.noarch                            2.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-nocaselist.noarch                                1.0.6-2.an23                        os      
python3-nocaselist-doc.noarch                            1.0.6-2.an23                        os      
python3-nodeenv.noarch                                   0.13.6-1.an23                       os      
python3-notebook.noarch                                  7.0.0~b2-1.an23                     os      
python3-notebook-shim.noarch                             0.2.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-numpy.x86_64                                     1:1.24.2-3.an23                     os      
python3-numpy-doc.noarch                                 1:1.24.2-3.an23                     os      
python3-numpy-f2py.x86_64                                1:1.24.2-3.an23                     os      
python3-numpydoc.noarch                                  1.4.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-oauthlib.noarch                                  3.2.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-oauthlib+signedtoken.noarch                      3.2.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-olefile.noarch                                   0.46-1.an23                         os      
python3-openmpi.x86_64                                   4.1.5-2.an23                        os      
python3-openvswitch.x86_64                               2.17.6-1.an23                       os      
python3-outcome.noarch                                   1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-packaging.noarch                                 23.0-2.an23                         os      
python3-pandas.x86_64                                    1.5.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-pandas+test.x86_64                               1.5.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-pandocfilters.noarch                             1.5.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-parameterized.noarch                             0.8.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-paramiko.noarch                                  2.12.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-parso.noarch                                     0.8.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-passlib.noarch                                   1.7.4-1.an23                        updates 
python3-passlib+argon2.noarch                            1.7.4-1.an23                        updates 
python3-passlib+bcrypt.noarch                            1.7.4-1.an23                        updates 
python3-passlib+totp.noarch                              1.7.4-1.an23                        updates 
python3-path.noarch                                      16.6.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-pathspec.noarch                                  0.10.3-1.an23                       os      
python3-pathspec-doc.noarch                              0.10.3-1.an23                       os      
python3-pbr.noarch                                       5.10.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-pbr-doc.noarch                                   5.10.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-pcp.x86_64                                       6.0.3-2.an23                        os      
python3-pdm-pep517.noarch                                1.0.5-1.an23                        os      
python3-pecan.noarch                                     1.4.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-pecan-doc.noarch                                 1.4.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-pefile.noarch                                    2023.2.7-1.an23                     os      
python3-pep440.noarch                                    0.1.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-pep517.noarch                                    0.13.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-pep517-doc.noarch                                0.13.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-perf.x86_64                                      5.10.134-16.1.an23                  updates 
python3-pexpect.noarch                                   4.8.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pickleshare.noarch                               0.7.5-1.an23                        os      
python3-pid.noarch                                       3.0.4-3.an23                        os      
python3-pillow.x86_64                                    10.1.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-pillow-devel.x86_64                              10.1.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-pillow-doc.noarch                                10.1.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-pillow-qt.x86_64                                 10.1.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-pillow-tk.x86_64                                 10.1.0-1.an23                       updates 
python3-pip.noarch                                       23.3.1-1.an23                       updates 
python3-pkgconfig.noarch                                 1.5.5-1.an23                        os      
python3-pkgconfig-doc.noarch                             1.5.5-1.an23                        os      
python3-platformdirs.noarch                              2.6.2-2.an23                        os      
python3-pluggy.noarch                                    1.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pluggy-doc.noarch                                1.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-ply.noarch                                       3.11-4.an23                         os      
python3-poetry-core.noarch                               1.4.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                           3.5-1.an23                          os      
python3-portend.noarch                                   3.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-prettytable.noarch                               3.6.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-productmd.noarch                                 1.33-3.an23                         os      
python3-progressbar2.noarch                              4.2.0-2.an23                        os      
python3-prometheus_client.noarch                         0.16.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-prometheus_client+twisted.noarch                 0.16.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-prompt-toolkit.noarch                            3.0.38-1.an23                       os      
python3-protobuf.noarch                                  3.19.6-4.an23                       os      
python3-psutil.x86_64                                    5.9.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-psycopg2.x86_64                                  2.9.6-1.an23                        os      
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                                0.7.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pure-eval.noarch                                 0.2.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-pwquality.x86_64                                 1.4.5-1.an23                        updates 
python3-py.noarch                                        1.11.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-py-doc.noarch                                    1.11.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                                 23.1.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-pyOpenSSL-doc.noarch                             23.1.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-pyasn1.noarch                                    0.4.8-1.an23                        os      
python3-pyasn1-doc.noarch                                0.4.8-1.an23                        os      
python3-pyasn1-modules.noarch                            0.4.8-1.an23                        os      
python3-pyatspi.noarch                                   2.46.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-pybeam.noarch                                    0.7-1.an23                          os      
python3-pybeam-doc.noarch                                0.7-1.an23                          os      
python3-pybind11.x86_64                                  2.10.4-1.an23                       os      
python3-pycares.x86_64                                   4.3.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pycares-doc.noarch                               4.3.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pycdio.x86_64                                    2.1.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-pycdio-doc.noarch                                2.1.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-pycodestyle.noarch                               2.9.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-pycparser.noarch                                 2.21-2.an23                         os      
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                    7.45.2-1.an23                       os      
python3-pyfakefs.noarch                                  5.2.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-pyfakefs-doc.noarch                              5.2.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-pyflakes.noarch                                  2.5.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pyflakes-doc.noarch                              2.5.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pygments.noarch                                  2.15.1-1.an23                       updates 
python3-pylibmc.x86_64                                   1.6.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-pylibmc-doc.noarch                               1.6.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-pymemcache.noarch                                3.5.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pymongo.x86_64                                   4.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pymongo-doc.noarch                               4.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pymongo-gridfs.x86_64                            4.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pynacl.x86_64                                    1.4.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pyparted.x86_64                                  1:3.12.0-1.an23                     os      
python3-pyperclip.noarch                                 1.8.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-pyperclip-doc.noarch                             1.8.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-pyproject-api.noarch                             1.5.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-pyproject-api-doc.noarch                         1.5.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-pyproject-hooks.noarch                           1.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                                 12.13.0-1.an23                      updates 
python3-pyqt5-sip-doc.noarch                             12.13.0-1.an23                      updates 
python3-pyrad.noarch                                     2.4-1.an23                          os      
python3-pyroute2.noarch                                  0.7.7-1.an23                        os      
python3-pyrsistent.x86_64                                0.19.3-2.an23                       os      
python3-pyserial.noarch                                  3.5-2.an23                          os      
python3-pysocks.noarch                                   1.7.1-4.an23                        os      
python3-pytest.noarch                                    7.3.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-asyncio.noarch                            0.20.3-1.an23                       os      
python3-pytest-asyncio-doc.noarch                        0.20.3-1.an23                       os      
python3-pytest-console-scripts.noarch                    1.3.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-cov.noarch                                4.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-cov-doc.noarch                            4.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-datadir.noarch                            1.4.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-forked.noarch                             1.6.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-forked-doc.noarch                         1.6.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-httpserver.noarch                         1.0.6-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-jupyter.noarch                            0.7.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-jupyter+client.noarch                     0.7.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-jupyter+server.noarch                     0.7.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-mock.noarch                               3.6.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-mock-doc.noarch                           3.6.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-param-files.noarch                        0.3.4-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-randomly.noarch                           3.12.0-2.an23                       updates 
python3-pytest-regressions.noarch                        2.4.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-regressions+dataframe.noarch              2.4.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-regressions+image.noarch                  2.4.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-regressions+num.noarch                    2.4.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-regressions-doc.noarch                    2.4.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-rerunfailures.noarch                      11.0-1.an23                         os      
python3-pytest-runner.noarch                             4.0-1.an23                          os      
python3-pytest-timeout.noarch                            2.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-trio.noarch                               0.8.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-trio-doc.noarch                           0.8.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-xdist.noarch                              3.2.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-xdist+psutil.noarch                       3.2.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-xdist+setproctitle.noarch                 3.2.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytest-xdist-doc.noarch                          3.2.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-pytoml.noarch                                    0.1.18-11.an23                      os      
python3-pytz.noarch                                      2022.7.1-1.an23                     os      
python3-pytz-doc.noarch                                  2022.7.1-1.an23                     os      
python3-pyudev.noarch                                    0.24.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-pyudev-qt4.noarch                                0.24.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-pyudev-qt5.noarch                                0.24.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-pyverbs.x86_64                                   44.0-3.an23                         os      
python3-pywbem.noarch                                    1:1.6.0-1.an23                      os      
python3-pywbem-doc.noarch                                1:1.6.0-1.an23                      os      
python3-pyxattr.x86_64                                   0.8.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                     0.28-1.an23                         os      
python3-pyxdg-doc.noarch                                 0.28-1.an23                         os      
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                    6.0-1.an23                          os      
python3-qpid-proton.x86_64                               0.38.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-qt5.noarch                                       5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-base.noarch                                  5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-bluetooth.x86_64                             5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-core.x86_64                                  5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-dbus.x86_64                                  5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-designer.x86_64                              5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-devel.x86_64                                 5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-doc.noarch                                   5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-gui.x86_64                                   5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-help.x86_64                                  5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-location.x86_64                              5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-multimedia.x86_64                            5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-multimediawidgets.x86_64                     5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-network.x86_64                               5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-nfc.x86_64                                   5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-opengl.x86_64                                5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-positioning.x86_64                           5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-printsupport.x86_64                          5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-qml.x86_64                                   5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-quick.x86_64                                 5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-quick3d.x86_64                               5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-quickwidgets.x86_64                          5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-remoteobjects.x86_64                         5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-sensors.x86_64                               5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-serialport.x86_64                            5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-sql.x86_64                                   5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-svg.x86_64                                   5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-test.x86_64                                  5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-tools.x86_64                                 5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-webchannel.x86_64                            5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-webkit.x86_64                                5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-webkitwidgets.x86_64                         5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-websockets.x86_64                            5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-widgets.x86_64                               5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-x11extras.x86_64                             5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-xml.x86_64                                   5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-qt5-xmlpatterns.x86_64                           5.15.10-1.an23                      updates 
python3-rados.x86_64                                     2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
python3-rbd.x86_64                                       2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
python3-rdflib.noarch                                    6.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-rdflib-doc.noarch                                6.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-re-assert.noarch                                 1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-recommonmark.noarch                              0.7.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-recommonmark-doc.noarch                          0.7.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-redis.noarch                                     4.5.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-regex.x86_64                                     2022.10.31-1.an23                   os      
python3-regex-doc.noarch                                 2022.10.31-1.an23                   os      
python3-remoto.noarch                                    1.2.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-repoze-lru.noarch                                0.7-1.an23                          os      
python3-repoze-lru-doc.noarch                            0.7-1.an23                          os      
python3-repoze-sphinx-autointerface.noarch               0.8-1.an23                          os      
python3-requests.noarch                                  2.31.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-requests+security.noarch                         2.31.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-requests+socks.noarch                            2.31.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-requests-cache.noarch                            0.5.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-requests-download.noarch                         0.1.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-requests-file.noarch                             1.5.1-3.an23                        os      
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                              0.3.1-4.an23                        os      
python3-requests-gssapi.noarch                           1.2.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-requests-gssapi-doc.noarch                       1.2.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-requests-mock.noarch                             1.10.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-requests-mock-doc.noarch                         1.10.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-requests-oauthlib.noarch                         1.3.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-requests-oauthlib-doc.noarch                     1.3.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-requests-toolbelt.noarch                         0.10.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-requests-unixsocket.noarch                       0.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-responses.noarch                                 0.23.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-restructuredtext-lint.noarch                     1.4.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-rfc3339-validator.noarch                         0.1.4-1.an23                        os      
python3-rfc3986.noarch                                   1.5.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-rfc3986+idna2008.noarch                          1.5.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-rfc3986-validator.noarch                         0.1.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-rfc3987.noarch                                   1.3.8-1.an23                        os      
python3-rgw.x86_64                                       2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
python3-rich.noarch                                      13.3.5-1.an23                       os      
python3-routes.noarch                                    2.5.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-routes-doc.noarch                                2.5.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-rpm-generators.noarch                            12-1.an23                           os      
python3-rpmdeplint.noarch                                1.4-2.an23                          os      
python3-rrdtool.x86_64                                   1.8.0-2.an23                        os      
python3-rsa.noarch                                       4.8-1.an23                          os      
python3-rsa-doc.noarch                                   4.8-1.an23                          os      
python3-rst-linker.noarch                                2.4.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-rtslib.noarch                                    2.1.75-1.an23                       os      
python3-ruamel-yaml.x86_64                               0.17.21-3.an23                      os      
python3-ruamel-yaml-clib.x86_64                          0.2.6-2.an23                        os      
python3-rust2rpm.x86_64                                  23-1.an23                           os      
python3-rust2rpm-core.x86_64                             23-1.an23                           os      
python3-samba.x86_64                                     4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
python3-samba-dc.x86_64                                  4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
python3-samba-devel.x86_64                               4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
python3-samba-test.x86_64                                4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
python3-satyr.x86_64                                     0.39-2.an23                         os      
python3-schedutils.x86_64                                0.6-2.an23                          os      
python3-scikit-learn.x86_64                              1.2.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-scikit-learn-doc.noarch                          1.2.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-scipy.x86_64                                     1.10.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-scipy-doc.x86_64                                 1.10.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-scons.noarch                                     4.3.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-scour.noarch                                     0.38.2-1.an23                       os      
python3-secretstorage.noarch                             3.3.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-secretstorage-doc.noarch                         3.3.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-selenium.noarch                                  3.141.0-1.an23                      os      
python3-semantic_version.noarch                          2.10.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-semantic_version-doc.noarch                      2.10.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-semver.noarch                                    2.13.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-semver-doc.noarch                                2.13.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-send2trash.noarch                                1.8.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-service-identity.noarch                          21.1.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-service-identity+idna.noarch                     21.1.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-service-identity-doc.noarch                      21.1.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-setools.x86_64                                   4.4.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-setproctitle.x86_64                              1.3.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-setuptools.noarch                                65.5.1-2.an23                       os      
python3-setuptools-rust.noarch                           1.5.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-setuptools-rust-doc.noarch                       1.5.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-setuptools_scm.noarch                            7.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-setuptools_scm+toml.noarch                       7.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-setuptools_scm-doc.noarch                        7.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-sh.noarch                                        1.14.3-1.an23                       os      
python3-sh-doc.noarch                                    1.14.3-1.an23                       os      
python3-shellingham.noarch                               1.5.0.post1-1.an23                  os      
python3-simplejson.x86_64                                3.18.3-1.an23                       os      
python3-simplejson-doc.noarch                            3.18.3-1.an23                       os      
python3-simpleline.noarch                                1.9.0-2.an23                        os      
python3-six.noarch                                       1.16.0-2.an23                       os      
python3-slip.noarch                                      0.6.5-2.an23                        os      
python3-slip-dbus.noarch                                 0.6.5-2.an23                        os      
python3-smartypants.noarch                               2.0.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-smbios.x86_64                                    2.4.3-3.an23                        os      
python3-sniffio.noarch                                   1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-snowballstemmer.noarch                           2.2.0-4.an23                        os      
python3-solv.x86_64                                      0.7.23-2.an23                       os      
python3-sortedcontainers.noarch                          2.4.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-sortedcontainers-doc.noarch                      2.4.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-soupsieve.noarch                                 2.4-1.an23                          os      
python3-sphinx.noarch                                    6.1.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinx-doc.noarch                                6.1.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinx-pytest.noarch                             0.0.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinx-theme-alabaster.noarch                    0.7.12-1.an23                       os      
python3-sphinx-typlog-theme.noarch                       0.8.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinx_lv2_theme.noarch                          1.2.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinx_lv2_theme-doc.noarch                      1.2.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinx_rtd_theme.noarch                          1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-applehelp.noarch                   1.0.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-applehelp-doc.noarch               1.0.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-devhelp.noarch                     1.0.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-devhelp-doc.noarch                 1.0.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-github-alt.noarch                  1.2-1.an23                          os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp.noarch                    2.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp-doc.noarch                2.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-httpdomain.noarch                  1.7.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-httpdomain-doc.noarch              1.7.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-jquery.noarch                      4.1-1.an23                          os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-jquery-doc.noarch                  4.1-1.an23                          os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-jsmath.noarch                      1.0.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-jsmath-doc.noarch                  1.0.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-qthelp.noarch                      1.0.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-qthelp-doc.noarch                  1.0.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml.noarch             1.1.5-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml-doc.noarch         1.1.5-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-spelling.noarch                    7.3.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-trio.noarch                        1.1.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-sphinxcontrib-trio-doc.noarch                    1.1.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-sqlparse.noarch                                  0.4.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-sss.x86_64                                       2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-sss-murmur.x86_64                                2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-sssdconfig.noarch                                2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-stack-data.noarch                                0.6.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-strict-rfc3339.noarch                            0.7-1.an23                          os      
python3-subversion.x86_64                                1.14.2-3.an23                       updates 
python3-sybil.noarch                                     3.0.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-sympy.x86_64                                     1.11.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-sympy-doc.x86_64                                 1.11.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-sympy-examples.x86_64                            1.11.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-systemd.x86_64                                   235-2.an23                          os      
python3-talloc.x86_64                                    2.4.1-1.an23                        updates 
python3-talloc-devel.x86_64                              2.4.1-1.an23                        updates 
python3-tbb.x86_64                                       2020.3-4.an23                       os      
python3-tblib.noarch                                     1.7.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-tdb.x86_64                                       1.4.8-1.an23                        os      
python3-templated-dictionary.noarch                      1.2-1.an23                          os      
python3-tempora.noarch                                   5.2.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-tempora-doc.noarch                               5.2.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-termcolor.noarch                                 1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-terminado.noarch                                 0.17.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-test.x86_64                                      3.10.13-1.an23                      updates 
python3-testpath.noarch                                  0.6.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-testpath-doc.noarch                              0.6.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-tevent.x86_64                                    0.14.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-threadpoolctl.noarch                             3.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-threadpoolctl-doc.noarch                         3.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-thrift.x86_64                                    0.18.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-tinycss2.noarch                                  1.2.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-tkinter.x86_64                                   3.10.13-1.an23                      updates 
python3-tokenize-rt.noarch                               5.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-toml.noarch                                      0.10.2-2.an23                       os      
python3-tomli.noarch                                     2.0.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-tomli-doc.noarch                                 2.0.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-tomli-w.noarch                                   1.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-tomli-w-doc.noarch                               1.0.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-tomlkit.noarch                                   0.11.8-1.an23                       os      
python3-tornado.x86_64                                   6.3.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-tox-current-env.noarch                           0.0.11-1.an23                       os      
python3-tox-current-env-doc.noarch                       0.0.11-1.an23                       os      
python3-tpm2-pytss.x86_64                                1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-tpm2-pytss-doc.x86_64                            1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-tqdm.noarch                                      4.65.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-traitlets.noarch                                 5.9.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-trio.noarch                                      0.22.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-trove-classifiers.noarch                         2023.4.25-1.an23                    os      
python3-trustme.noarch                                   0.9.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-twisted.noarch                                   22.10.0-1.an23                      os      
python3-twisted+tls.noarch                               22.10.0-1.an23                      os      
python3-txaio.noarch                                     23.1.1-1.an23                       updates 
python3-txaio-doc.noarch                                 23.1.1-1.an23                       updates 
python3-typed_ast.x86_64                                 1.5.4-1.an23                        os      
python3-typeguard.noarch                                 3.0.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-typeguard-doc.noarch                             3.0.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-types-pyyaml.noarch                              6.0.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-types-requests.noarch                            2.26.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-typing-extensions.noarch                         4.5.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-typing-extensions-doc.noarch                     4.5.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-typing-inspect.noarch                            0.6.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-typogrify.noarch                                 2.0.7-1.an23                        os      
python3-uc-micro-py.noarch                               1.0.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-uc-micro-py-doc.noarch                           1.0.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-ukkonen.x86_64                                   1.0.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-unbound.x86_64                                   1.17.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-unicodedata2.x86_64                              15.0.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-unicodedata2-doc.x86_64                          15.0.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-uri-template.noarch                              1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-urllib3.noarch                                   1.26.18-1.an23                      updates 
python3-urllib3-doc.noarch                               1.26.18-1.an23                      updates 
python3-urwid.x86_64                                     2.1.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-userpath.noarch                                  1.8.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-userpath-doc.noarch                              1.8.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-utils.noarch                                     3.5.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-uvloop.x86_64                                    0.17.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-virt-firmware.noarch                             1.8-1.an23                          os      
python3-virt-firmware-doc.noarch                         1.8-1.an23                          os      
python3-virt-firmware-peutils.noarch                     1.8-1.an23                          os      
python3-virt-firmware-tests.noarch                       1.8-1.an23                          os      
python3-virtualenv.noarch                                20.21.0-2.an23                      os      
python3-waitress.noarch                                  2.1.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-wcag-contrast-ratio.noarch                       0.9-1.an23                          updates 
python3-wcwidth.noarch                                   0.2.6-2.an23                        os      
python3-webcolors.noarch                                 1.12-1.an23                         os      
python3-webencodings.noarch                              0.5.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-webencodings-doc.noarch                          0.5.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-webob.noarch                                     1.8.7-1.an23                        os      
python3-webob-doc.noarch                                 1.8.7-1.an23                        os      
python3-websocket-client.noarch                          1.3.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-websocket-client-doc.noarch                      1.3.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-websockets.x86_64                                10.4-1.an23                         os      
python3-websockets-doc.noarch                            10.4-1.an23                         os      
python3-werkzeug.noarch                                  2.2.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-werkzeug-doc.noarch                              2.2.3-1.an23                        os      
python3-wheel.x86_64                                     0.38.4-1.an23                       os      
python3-widgetsnbextension.noarch                        4.0.7-1.an23                        os      
python3-wrapt.x86_64                                     1.14.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-wrapt-doc.noarch                                 1.14.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-xcffib.noarch                                    1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-xcffib-doc.noarch                                1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-xmltodict.noarch                                 0.13.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-yamlloader.noarch                                1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-yamlloader-doc.noarch                            1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-yarl.x86_64                                      1.8.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-zc-lockfile.noarch                               3.0-1.an23                          os      
python3-zc-lockfile-doc.noarch                           3.0-1.an23                          os      
python3-zipp.noarch                                      3.15.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-zipp-doc.noarch                                  3.15.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-zmq.x86_64                                       24.0.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-zmq-tests.x86_64                                 24.0.1-1.an23                       os      
python3-zope-event.noarch                                4.5.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-zope-event-doc.noarch                            4.5.0-1.an23                        os      
python3-zope-interface.x86_64                            5.5.2-2.an23                        os      
python3-zope-interface-doc.noarch                        5.5.2-2.an23                        os      
python3-zope-testing.noarch                              5.0.1-1.an23                        os      
python3-zopfli.x86_64                                    0.2.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-zopfli-doc.noarch                                0.2.2-1.an23                        os      
python3-zstandard.x86_64                                 0.20.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-zstandard-doc.noarch                             0.20.0-1.an23                       os      
python3-zstd.x86_64                                      1.5.4.0-1.an23                      os      
python3-zstd-doc.x86_64                                  1.5.4.0-1.an23                      os      
qatengine.x86_64                                         1.2.0-1.an23                        updates 
qatengine-doc.noarch                                     1.2.0-1.an23                        updates 
qatlib.x86_64                                            23.02.0-1.an23                      os      
qatlib-devel.x86_64                                      23.02.0-1.an23                      os      
qatlib-service.x86_64                                    23.02.0-1.an23                      os      
qatlib-tests.x86_64                                      23.02.0-1.an23                      os      
qatzip.x86_64                                            1.1.2-1.an23                        updates 
qatzip-devel.x86_64                                      1.1.2-1.an23                        updates 
qatzip-doc.noarch                                        1.1.2-1.an23                        updates 
qatzip-libs.x86_64                                       1.1.2-1.an23                        updates 
qatzip-static.x86_64                                     1.1.2-1.an23                        updates 
qdox.noarch                                              2.0.0-1.an23                        os      
qdox-javadoc.noarch                                      2.0.0-1.an23                        os      
qemu.x86_64                                              15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                                   15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-audio-dbus.x86_64                                   15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                                    15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                                     15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-audio-spice.x86_64                                  15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                                   15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                                    15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                                15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                                  15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                                    15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-char-baum.x86_64                                    15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-char-spice.x86_64                                   15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-common.x86_64                                       15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                           15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu.x86_64                    15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-ccw.x86_64                15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-gl.x86_64                 15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci.x86_64                15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-gl.x86_64             15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga.x86_64                    15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-gl.x86_64                 15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-device-usb-host.x86_64                              15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-device-usb-redirect.x86_64                          15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-device-usb-smartcard.x86_64                         15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-docs.x86_64                                         15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                                  15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                          15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-kvm-core.x86_64                                     15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-pr-helper.x86_64                                    15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-system-aarch64.x86_64                               15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-system-aarch64-core.x86_64                          15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-system-arm.x86_64                                   15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-system-arm-core.x86_64                              15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-system-loongarch64.x86_64                           15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-system-loongarch64-core.x86_64                      15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-system-riscv.x86_64                                 15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-system-riscv-core.x86_64                            15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                                   15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                              15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-tests.x86_64                                        15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-tools.x86_64                                        15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                                    15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-ui-dbus.x86_64                                      15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-ui-egl-headless.x86_64                              15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                                       15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                                    15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-ui-spice-app.x86_64                                 15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                                15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-user.x86_64                                         15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-user-binfmt.x86_64                                  15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qemu-virtiofsd.x86_64                                    15:7.2.6-4.an23                     updates 
qgpgme.x86_64                                            1.21.0-1.an23                       updates 
qgpgme-devel.x86_64                                      1.21.0-1.an23                       updates 
qhull.x86_64                                             1:7.2.1-1.an23                      os      
qhull-devel.x86_64                                       1:7.2.1-1.an23                      os      
qhull-doc.noarch                                         1:7.2.1-1.an23                      os      
qpdf.x86_64                                              11.3.0-1.an23                       os      
qpdf-devel.x86_64                                        11.3.0-1.an23                       os      
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                         11.3.0-1.an23                       os      
qpid-proton-c.x86_64                                     0.38.0-1.an23                       os      
qpid-proton-c-devel.x86_64                               0.38.0-1.an23                       os      
qpid-proton-c-docs.noarch                                0.38.0-1.an23                       os      
qpid-proton-cpp.x86_64                                   0.38.0-1.an23                       os      
qpid-proton-cpp-devel.x86_64                             0.38.0-1.an23                       os      
qpid-proton-cpp-docs.noarch                              0.38.0-1.an23                       os      
qpid-proton-tests.noarch                                 0.38.0-1.an23                       os      
qpl.x86_64                                               1.1.0-1.an23                        updates 
qpl-devel.x86_64                                         1.1.0-1.an23                        updates 
qpl-doc.noarch                                           1.1.0-1.an23                        updates 
qpl-tests.x86_64                                         0.2.0-3.an23                        os      
qpress.x86_64                                            11-2.an23                           os      
qrencode.x86_64                                          4.1.1-2.an23                        os      
qrencode-devel.x86_64                                    4.1.1-2.an23                        os      
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                     4.1.1-2.an23                        os      
qt5.noarch                                               5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-assistant.x86_64                                     5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-designer.x86_64                                      5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-devel.noarch                                         5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-doctools.x86_64                                      5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-linguist.x86_64                                      5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qdbusviewer.x86_64                                   5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qt3d.x86_64                                          5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qt3d-devel.x86_64                                    5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qt3d-examples.x86_64                                 5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                        5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                                 5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtbase-devel.x86_64                                  5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtbase-examples.x86_64                               5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                    5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtbase-mysql.x86_64                                  5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtbase-odbc.x86_64                                   5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtbase-postgresql.x86_64                             5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtbase-private-devel.x86_64                          5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtbase-static.x86_64                                 5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                                5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtconnectivity-devel.x86_64                          5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtconnectivity-doc.x86_64                            5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtconnectivity-examples.x86_64                       5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                                 5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtdeclarative-devel.x86_64                           5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtdeclarative-examples.x86_64                        5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtdeclarative-static.x86_64                          5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtdoc.noarch                                         5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                            5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtimageformats.x86_64                                5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                    5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtlocation-devel.x86_64                              5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtlocation-examples.x86_64                           5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                                  5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtmultimedia-devel.x86_64                            5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtmultimedia-examples.x86_64                         5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtquick3d.x86_64                                     5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtquick3d-devel.x86_64                               5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtquick3d-examples.x86_64                            5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtquickcontrols.x86_64                               5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtquickcontrols-examples.x86_64                      5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                              5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2-devel.x86_64                        5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2-examples.x86_64                     5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtremoteobjects.x86_64                               5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtremoteobjects-devel.x86_64                         5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtremoteobjects-examples.x86_64                      5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtscript.x86_64                                      5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtscript-devel.x86_64                                5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtscript-examples.x86_64                             5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                                     5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtsensors-devel.x86_64                               5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtsensors-examples.x86_64                            5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtserialbus.x86_64                                   5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtserialbus-devel.x86_64                             5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtserialbus-examples.x86_64                          5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                                  5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtserialport-devel.x86_64                            5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtserialport-examples.x86_64                         5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                         5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtsvg-devel.x86_64                                   5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtsvg-examples.x86_64                                5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qttools.x86_64                                       5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                                5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qttools-devel.x86_64                                 5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qttools-examples.x86_64                              5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                         5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qttools-libs-designercomponents.x86_64               5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                             5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qttools-static.x86_64                                5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qttranslations.noarch                                5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                     5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtwayland-devel.x86_64                               5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtwayland-examples.x86_64                            5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                                  5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtwebchannel-devel.x86_64                            5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtwebchannel-examples.x86_64                         5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtwebkit.x86_64                                      5.212.0-9.alpha4.an23               updates 
qt5-qtwebkit-devel.x86_64                                5.212.0-9.alpha4.an23               updates 
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                                  5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtwebsockets-devel.x86_64                            5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtwebsockets-examples.x86_64                         5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                                   5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtx11extras-devel.x86_64                             5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                                 5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns-devel.x86_64                           5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns-examples.x86_64                        5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                                    5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                                   5.15.11-1.an23                      updates 
quota.x86_64                                             1:4.09-2.an23                       os      
quota-devel.x86_64                                       1:4.09-2.an23                       os      
quota-doc.noarch                                         1:4.09-2.an23                       os      
quota-nld.x86_64                                         1:4.09-2.an23                       os      
quota-nls.noarch                                         1:4.09-2.an23                       os      
quota-rpc.x86_64                                         1:4.09-2.an23                       os      
quota-warnquota.x86_64                                   1:4.09-2.an23                       os      
qv4l2.x86_64                                             1.24.1-2.an23                       os      
rados-objclass-devel.x86_64                              2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
radvd.x86_64                                             2.19-1.an23                         os      
rapidjson-devel.x86_64                                   1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
rapidjson-doc.noarch                                     1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
rasdaemon.x86_64                                         0.8.0-1.an23                        os      
rav1e.x86_64                                             0.5.1-1.an23                        os      
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                        0.5.1-1.an23                        os      
rbd-fuse.x86_64                                          2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
rbd-mirror.x86_64                                        2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
rbd-nbd.x86_64                                           2:17.2.5-3.an23                     os      
rdma-core.x86_64                                         44.0-3.an23                         os      
rdma-core-devel.x86_64                                   44.0-3.an23                         os      
re2.x86_64                                               20230301-1.an23                     os      
re2-devel.x86_64                                         20230301-1.an23                     os      
re2-doc.noarch                                           20230301-1.an23                     os      
readline-devel.x86_64                                    8.2-2.an23                          os      
readline-static.x86_64                                   8.2-2.an23                          os      
readonly-root.noarch                                     10.17-4.an23                        os      
realmd.x86_64                                            0.17.1-1.an23                       os      
realmd-devel-docs.x86_64                                 0.17.1-1.an23                       os      
redis.x86_64                                             7.0.14-1.an23                       updates 
redis-devel.x86_64                                       7.0.14-1.an23                       updates 
redis-doc.noarch                                         7.0.14-1.an23                       updates 
resolv_wrapper.x86_64                                    1.1.8-1.an23                        os      
resolv_wrapper-doc.noarch                                1.1.8-1.an23                        os      
resource-agents.x86_64                                   4.12.0-1.an23                       os      
rest.x86_64                                              0.9.1-1.an23                        os      
rest-devel.x86_64                                        0.9.1-1.an23                        os      
rmt.x86_64                                               2:1.6-4.an23                        os      
rng-tools.x86_64                                         6.16-2.an23                         os      
rpcbind.x86_64                                           1.2.6-3.an23                        os      
rpcgen.x86_64                                            1.4.3-1.an23                        os      
rpcsvc-proto-devel.x86_64                                1.4.3-1.an23                        os      
rpcsvc-proto-doc.noarch                                  1.4.3-1.an23                        os      
rpm-apidocs.noarch                                       4.18.1-2.an23                       updates 
rpm-build.x86_64                                         4.18.1-2.an23                       updates 
rpm-cron.noarch                                          4.18.1-2.an23                       updates 
rpm-devel.x86_64                                         4.18.1-2.an23                       updates 
rpm-mpi-hooks.noarch                                     8-1.an23                            os      
rpm-ostree.x86_64                                        2023.2-2.an23                       os      
rpm-ostree-devel.x86_64                                  2023.2-2.an23                       os      
rpm-ostree-libs.x86_64                                   2023.2-2.an23                       os      
rpm-plugin-audit.x86_64                                  4.18.1-2.an23                       updates 
rpm-plugin-dbus-announce.x86_64                          4.18.1-2.an23                       updates 
rpm-plugin-fapolicyd.x86_64                              4.18.1-2.an23                       updates 
rpm-plugin-fsverity.x86_64                               4.18.1-2.an23                       updates 
rpm-plugin-ima.x86_64                                    4.18.1-2.an23                       updates 
rpm-plugin-prioreset.x86_64                              4.18.1-2.an23                       updates 
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                                4.18.1-2.an23                       updates 
rpm-plugin-syslog.x86_64                                 4.18.1-2.an23                       updates 
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                        4.18.1-2.an23                       updates 
rpm-sign.x86_64                                          4.18.1-2.an23                       updates 
rpmdeplint.noarch                                        1.4-2.an23                          os      
rpmdeplint-doc.noarch                                    1.4-2.an23                          os      
rpmdevtools.noarch                                       9.6-3.an23                          os      
rpmlint.noarch                                           2.4.0-2.an23                        updates 
rrdtool.x86_64                                           1.8.0-2.an23                        os      
rrdtool-devel.x86_64                                     1.8.0-2.an23                        os      
rrdtool-doc.x86_64                                       1.8.0-2.an23                        os      
rrdtool-lua.x86_64                                       1.8.0-2.an23                        os      
rrdtool-perl.x86_64                                      1.8.0-2.an23                        os      
rrdtool-ruby.x86_64                                      1.8.0-2.an23                        os      
rrdtool-tcl.x86_64                                       1.8.0-2.an23                        os      
rsync-daemon.noarch                                      3.2.7-1.an23                        os      
rsyslog.x86_64                                           8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-crypto.x86_64                                    8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-doc.noarch                                       8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-elasticsearch.x86_64                             8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-gnutls.x86_64                                    8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-gssapi.x86_64                                    8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-hiredis.x86_64                                   8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-kafka.x86_64                                     8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-libdbi.x86_64                                    8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-logrotate.x86_64                                 8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-mmaudit.x86_64                                   8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-mmfields.x86_64                                  8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-mmjsonparse.x86_64                               8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-mmkubernetes.x86_64                              8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-mmnormalize.x86_64                               8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-mmsnmptrapd.x86_64                               8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-mysql.x86_64                                     8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-omamqp1.x86_64                                   8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-openssl.x86_64                                   8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-pgsql.x86_64                                     8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-rabbitmq.x86_64                                  8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-relp.x86_64                                      8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-snmp.x86_64                                      8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rsyslog-udpspoof.x86_64                                  8.2212.0-3.an23                     os      
rtkit.x86_64                                             1:0.11-4.an23                       os      
ruby.x86_64                                              3.1.4-9.an23                        updates 
ruby-bundled-gems.x86_64                                 3.1.4-9.an23                        updates 
ruby-default-gems.noarch                                 3.1.4-9.an23                        updates 
ruby-devel.x86_64                                        3.1.4-9.an23                        updates 
ruby-doc.noarch                                          3.1.4-9.an23                        updates 
ruby-hivex.x86_64                                        1.3.23-1.an23                       os      
ruby-libguestfs.x86_64                                   1:1.50.1-1.an23                     os      
ruby-libs.x86_64                                         3.1.4-9.an23                        updates 
ruby-solv.x86_64                                         0.7.23-2.an23                       os      
rubygem-asciidoctor.noarch                               2.0.18-2.an23                       os      
rubygem-asciidoctor-doc.noarch                           2.0.18-2.an23                       os      
rubygem-bigdecimal.x86_64                                3.1.1-9.an23                        updates 
rubygem-bundler.noarch                                   2.3.26-9.an23                       updates 
rubygem-io-console.x86_64                                0.5.11-9.an23                       updates 
rubygem-irb.noarch                                       1.4.1-9.an23                        updates 
rubygem-json.x86_64                                      2.6.3-1.an23                        os      
rubygem-minitest.noarch                                  5.15.0-9.an23                       updates 
rubygem-power_assert.noarch                              2.0.1-9.an23                        updates 
rubygem-psych.x86_64                                     4.0.4-9.an23                        updates 
rubygem-rake.noarch                                      13.0.6-9.an23                       updates 
rubygem-rbs.x86_64                                       2.7.0-9.an23                        updates 
rubygem-rdoc.noarch                                      6.4.0-9.an23                        updates 
rubygem-rexml.noarch                                     3.2.5-9.an23                        updates 
rubygem-rss.noarch                                       0.2.9-9.an23                        updates 
rubygem-test-unit.noarch                                 3.5.3-9.an23                        updates 
rubygem-typeprof.noarch                                  0.21.3-9.an23                       updates 
rubygems.noarch                                          3.3.26-9.an23                       updates 
rubygems-devel.noarch                                    3.3.26-9.an23                       updates 
runc.x86_64                                              2:1.1.9-1.an23                      updates 
runc-doc.noarch                                          2:1.1.9-1.an23                      updates 
rust.x86_64                                              1.71.1-2.an23                       updates 
rust-analyzer.x86_64                                     1.71.1-2.an23                       updates 
rust-cargo-c+default-devel.noarch                        0.9.12-1.an23                       os      
rust-cargo-c-doc.noarch                                  0.9.12-1.an23                       os      
rust-debugger-common.noarch                              1.71.1-2.an23                       updates 
rust-doc.x86_64                                          1.71.1-2.an23                       updates 
rust-gdb.noarch                                          1.71.1-2.an23                       updates 
rust-lldb.noarch                                         1.71.1-2.an23                       updates 
rust-packaging.x86_64                                    23-1.an23                           os      
rust-rav1e-doc.noarch                                    0.5.1-1.an23                        os      
rust-src.noarch                                          1.71.1-2.an23                       updates 
rust-std-static.x86_64                                   1.71.1-2.an23                       updates 
rust-std-static-wasm32-unknown-unknown.noarch            1.71.1-2.an23                       updates 
rust-std-static-wasm32-wasi.noarch                       1.71.1-2.an23                       updates 
rust-toolset.noarch                                      1.71.1-2.an23                       updates 
rustfmt.x86_64                                           1.71.1-2.an23                       updates 
samba.x86_64                                             4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-client.x86_64                                      4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-client-libs.x86_64                                 4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-common.noarch                                      4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-common-libs.x86_64                                 4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-common-tools.x86_64                                4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-dc.x86_64                                          4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-dc-bind-dlz.x86_64                                 4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-dc-libs.x86_64                                     4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-dc-provision.noarch                                4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-dcerpc.x86_64                                      4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-devel.x86_64                                       4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-gpupdate.x86_64                                    4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-krb5-printing.x86_64                               4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-ldb-ldap-modules.x86_64                            4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-libs.x86_64                                        4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-pidl.noarch                                        4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-test.x86_64                                        4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-test-libs.x86_64                                   4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-tools.x86_64                                       4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-usershares.x86_64                                  4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-vfs-glusterfs.x86_64                               4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-vfs-iouring.x86_64                                 4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-winbind.x86_64                                     4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-winbind-clients.x86_64                             4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-winbind-krb5-locator.x86_64                        4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
samba-winbind-modules.x86_64                             4.18.9-1.an23                       updates 
sane-airscan.x86_64                                      0.99.27-1.an23                      os      
sane-airscan-doc.noarch                                  0.99.27-1.an23                      os      
sane-backends.x86_64                                     1.2.1-3.an23                        os      
sane-backends-daemon.x86_64                              1.2.1-3.an23                        os      
sane-backends-devel.x86_64                               1.2.1-3.an23                        os      
sane-backends-doc.noarch                                 1.2.1-3.an23                        os      
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                     1.2.1-3.an23                        os      
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                    1.2.1-3.an23                        os      
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                                1.2.1-3.an23                        os      
sanlock.x86_64                                           3.8.5-1.an23                        os      
sanlock-devel.x86_64                                     3.8.5-1.an23                        os      
sanlock-lib.x86_64                                       3.8.5-1.an23                        os      
sassc.x86_64                                             3.6.2-1.an23                        os      
sassc-doc.noarch                                         3.6.2-1.an23                        os      
satyr.x86_64                                             0.39-2.an23                         os      
satyr-devel.x86_64                                       0.39-2.an23                         os      
sbc.x86_64                                               2.0-1.an23                          os      
sbc-devel.x86_64                                         2.0-1.an23                          os      
sblim-sfcc.x86_64                                        2.2.8-1.an23                        os      
sblim-sfcc-devel.x86_64                                  2.2.8-1.an23                        os      
scap-security-guide.noarch                               0.1.66-1.an23                       os      
scap-security-guide-doc.noarch                           0.1.66-1.an23                       os      
scons-doc.noarch                                         4.3.0-1.an23                        os      
scpio.x86_64                                             1.6-4.an23                          os      
scrub.x86_64                                             2.6.1-1.an23                        os      
sdl12-compat.x86_64                                      1.2.60-1.an23                       os      
sdl12-compat-devel.x86_64                                1.2.60-1.an23                       os      
seabios.x86_64                                           1.16.1-2.an23                       updates 
seabios-bin.noarch                                       1.16.1-2.an23                       updates 
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                    1.16.1-2.an23                       updates 
selinux-policy.noarch                                    37.18-2.an23                        os      
selinux-policy-devel.noarch                              37.18-2.an23                        os      
selinux-policy-doc.noarch                                37.18-2.an23                        os      
selinux-policy-minimum.noarch                            37.18-2.an23                        os      
selinux-policy-mls.noarch                                37.18-2.an23                        os      
selinux-policy-sandbox.noarch                            37.18-2.an23                        os      
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                           37.18-2.an23                        os      
sendmail.x86_64                                          8.17.1-1.an23                       os      
sendmail-cf.noarch                                       8.17.1-1.an23                       os      
sendmail-doc.noarch                                      8.17.1-1.an23                       os      
sensible-utils.noarch                                    0.0.17-1.an23                       os      
sensible-utils-doc.noarch                                0.0.17-1.an23                       os      
setools.x86_64                                           4.4.1-1.an23                        os      
setools-console.x86_64                                   4.4.1-1.an23                        os      
setools-console-analyses.x86_64                          4.4.1-1.an23                        os      
setools-gui.x86_64                                       4.4.1-1.an23                        os      
setroubleshoot.x86_64                                    3.3.32-2.an23                       updates 
setroubleshoot-doc.noarch                                3.3.32-2.an23                       updates 
setroubleshoot-plugins.noarch                            3.3.14-1.an23                       os      
setroubleshoot-plugins-doc.noarch                        3.3.14-1.an23                       os      
setroubleshoot-server.x86_64                             3.3.32-2.an23                       updates 
setserial.x86_64                                         2.17-1.an23                         os      
setserial-doc.noarch                                     2.17-1.an23                         os      
setxkbmap.x86_64                                         1.3.4-1.an23                        os      
sg3_utils.x86_64                                         1.47-3.an23                         os      
sg3_utils-devel.x86_64                                   1.47-3.an23                         os      
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                    1.47-3.an23                         os      
sgabios.x86_64                                           1:0.20180715git-2.an23              updates 
sgabios-bin.noarch                                       1:0.20180715git-2.an23              updates 
sgml-common.noarch                                       0.6.3-3.an23                        os      
sgpio.x86_64                                             1.2.1-1.an23                        os      
shaderc-doc.noarch                                       2023.1-1.an23                       os      
shadow-utils-doc.noarch                                  4.13-3.an23                         updates 
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                                4.13-3.an23                         updates 
shadow-utils-subid-devel.x86_64                          4.13-3.an23                         updates 
shared-mime-info.x86_64                                  2.2-2.an23                          os      
sharutils.x86_64                                         4.15.2-1.an23                       os      
sharutils-doc.noarch                                     4.15.2-1.an23                       os      
shim-unsigned-ia32.x86_64                                15.7-1.an23                         os      
shim-unsigned-x64.x86_64                                 15.7-1.an23                         os      
shim-x64.x86_64                                          15.7-2.an23                         os      
sil-padauk-book-fonts.noarch                             5.000-1.an23                        os      
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                                  5.000-1.an23                        os      
sip.x86_64                                               6.7.12-1.an23                       updates 
sisu.noarch                                              1:0.3.5-1.an23                      os      
sisu-javadoc.noarch                                      1:0.3.5-1.an23                      os      
skopeo.x86_64                                            1:1.11.2-1.an23                     os      
slang.x86_64                                             2.3.3-1.an23                        os      
slang-devel.x86_64                                       2.3.3-1.an23                        os      
slang-slsh.x86_64                                        2.3.3-1.an23                        os      
slf4j.noarch                                             1.7.32-1.an23                       os      
slirp4netns.x86_64                                       1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
slirp4netns-doc.noarch                                   1.2.0-1.an23                        os      
smartmontools.x86_64                                     7.3-3.an23                          os      
smbios-utils.x86_64                                      2.4.3-3.an23                        os      
smbios-utils-bin.x86_64                                  2.4.3-3.an23                        os      
smbios-utils-python.x86_64                               2.4.3-3.an23                        os      
snappy.x86_64                                            1.1.10-1.an23                       os      
snappy-devel.x86_64                                      1.1.10-1.an23                       os      
socat.x86_64                                             1.7.4.4-1.an23                      os      
socket_wrapper.x86_64                                    1.4.0-1.an23                        os      
socket_wrapper-doc.noarch                                1.4.0-1.an23                        os      
sockperf.x86_64                                          3.10-1.an23                         os      
softhsm.x86_64                                           2.6.1-1.an23                        os      
softhsm-devel.x86_64                                     2.6.1-1.an23                        os      
softhsm-doc.noarch                                       2.6.1-1.an23                        os      
sombok-devel.x86_64                                      2.4.0-2.an23                        os      
sos.noarch                                               4.5.2-1.an23                        os      
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                           0.8-1.an23                          os      
soundtouch.x86_64                                        2.3.2-1.an23                        os      
soundtouch-devel.x86_64                                  2.3.2-1.an23                        os      
source-highlight.x86_64                                  3.1.9-3.an23                        os      
source-highlight-devel.x86_64                            3.1.9-3.an23                        os      
sparsehash-devel.x86_64                                  2.0.3-1.an23                        os      
sparsehash-doc.noarch                                    2.0.3-1.an23                        os      
spax.x86_64                                              1.6-4.an23                          os      
speex.x86_64                                             1.2.1-1.an23                        os      
speex-devel.x86_64                                       1.2.1-1.an23                        os      
speex-tools.x86_64                                       1.2.1-1.an23                        os      
speexdsp.x86_64                                          1.2.1-2.an23                        os      
speexdsp-devel.x86_64                                    1.2.1-2.an23                        os      
spice-glib.x86_64                                        0.42-2.an23                         os      
spice-glib-devel.x86_64                                  0.42-2.an23                         os      
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                        0.42-2.an23                         os      
spice-gtk3-devel.x86_64                                  0.42-2.an23                         os      
spice-protocol.noarch                                    0.14.4-1.an23                       os      
spice-server.x86_64                                      0.15.1-2.an23                       os      
spice-server-devel.x86_64                                0.15.1-2.an23                       os      
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                     0.22.1-2.an23                       os      
spirv-headers-devel.noarch                               1.5.5-1.an23                        os      
spirv-headers-doc.noarch                                 1.5.5-1.an23                        os      
spirv-tools.x86_64                                       2023.1-1.an23                       os      
spirv-tools-devel.x86_64                                 2023.1-1.an23                       os      
spirv-tools-doc.noarch                                   2023.1-1.an23                       os      
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                                  2023.1-1.an23                       os      
sqlite.x86_64                                            3.44.2-1.an23                       updates 
sqlite-analyzer.x86_64                                   3.44.2-1.an23                       updates 
sqlite-devel.x86_64                                      3.44.2-1.an23                       updates 
sqlite-doc.noarch                                        3.44.2-1.an23                       updates 
sqlite-tcl.x86_64                                        3.44.2-1.an23                       updates 
sqlite-tools.x86_64                                      3.44.2-1.an23                       updates 
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                    4.6.1-1.an23                        updates 
squashfs-tools-doc.noarch                                4.6.1-1.an23                        updates 
squid.x86_64                                             7:6.5-1.an23                        updates 
squid-doc.noarch                                         7:6.5-1.an23                        updates 
srp_daemon.x86_64                                        44.0-3.an23                         os      
sscg.x86_64                                              3.0.3-1.an23                        os      
sscg-doc.x86_64                                          3.0.3-1.an23                        os      
sssd.x86_64                                              2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
sssd-ad.x86_64                                           2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
sssd-client.x86_64                                       2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
sssd-common.x86_64                                       2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                                   2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
sssd-dbus.x86_64                                         2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                          2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                          2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                         2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                                  2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                         2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                    2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
sssd-polkit-rules.x86_64                                 2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                        2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
sssd-tools.x86_64                                        2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
sssd-winbind-idmap.x86_64                                2.8.2-1.an23                        os      
star.x86_64                                              1.6-4.an23                          os      
startup-notification.x86_64                              0.12-16.an23                        os      
startup-notification-devel.x86_64                        0.12-16.an23                        os      
stix-fonts.noarch                                        2.13b171-1.an23                     os      
stix-fonts-doc.noarch                                    2.13b171-1.an23                     os      
strace.x86_64                                            5.12-1.an23                         os      
subversion.x86_64                                        1.14.2-3.an23                       updates 
subversion-devel.x86_64                                  1.14.2-3.an23                       updates 
subversion-gnome.x86_64                                  1.14.2-3.an23                       updates 
subversion-javahl.noarch                                 1.14.2-3.an23                       updates 
subversion-libs.x86_64                                   1.14.2-3.an23                       updates 
subversion-perl.x86_64                                   1.14.2-3.an23                       updates 
subversion-ruby.x86_64                                   1.14.2-3.an23                       updates 
subversion-tools.x86_64                                  1.14.2-3.an23                       updates 
sudo-devel.x86_64                                        1.9.14p1-1.an23                     updates 
sudo-logsrvd.x86_64                                      1.9.14p1-1.an23                     updates 
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                                1.9.14p1-1.an23                     updates 
supermin.x86_64                                          5.3.3-1.an23                        os      
supermin-devel.x86_64                                    5.3.3-1.an23                        os      
svt-av1.x86_64                                           1.4.1-1.an23                        os      
svt-av1-devel.x86_64                                     1.4.1-1.an23                        os      
svt-av1-devel-docs.noarch                                1.4.1-1.an23                        os      
svt-av1-doc.noarch                                       1.4.1-1.an23                        os      
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                      1.4.1-1.an23                        os      
swig.x86_64                                              4.1.1-2.an23                        os      
swig-doc.noarch                                          4.1.1-2.an23                        os      
swig-gdb.x86_64                                          4.1.1-2.an23                        os      
switcheroo-control.x86_64                                2.6-1.an23                          os      
swtpm.x86_64                                             0.8.0-1.an23                        os      
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                        0.8.0-1.an23                        os      
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                       0.8.0-1.an23                        os      
sysfsutils.x86_64                                        2.1.1-4.an23                        os      
syslinux.x86_64                                          6.04~pre1-4.an23                    os      
syslinux-devel.x86_64                                    6.04~pre1-4.an23                    os      
syslinux-efi64.x86_64                                    6.04~pre1-4.an23                    os      
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                                 6.04~pre1-4.an23                    os      
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                        6.04~pre1-4.an23                    os      
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                                 6.04~pre1-4.an23                    os      
syslinux-perl.x86_64                                     6.04~pre1-4.an23                    os      
syslinux-tftpboot.noarch                                 6.04~pre1-4.an23                    os      
sysprof.x86_64                                           3.46.0-1.an23                       os      
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                             3.46.0-1.an23                       os      
sysprof-cli.x86_64                                       3.46.0-1.an23                       os      
sysprof-devel.x86_64                                     3.46.0-1.an23                       os      
sysstat.x86_64                                           12.7.2-2.an23                       os      
systemd.x86_64                                           252.4-8.an23                        updates 
systemd-boot-unsigned.x86_64                             252.4-8.an23                        updates 
systemd-container.x86_64                                 252.4-8.an23                        updates 
systemd-devel.x86_64                                     252.4-8.an23                        updates 
systemd-doc.noarch                                       252.4-8.an23                        updates 
systemd-journal-remote.x86_64                            252.4-8.an23                        updates 
systemd-networkd.x86_64                                  252.4-6.an23                        os      
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                             252.4-8.an23                        updates 
systemd-pam.x86_64                                       252.4-8.an23                        updates 
systemd-resolved.x86_64                                  252.4-8.an23                        updates 
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                                252.4-8.an23                        updates 
systemd-standalone-sysusers.x86_64                       252.4-8.an23                        updates 
systemd-standalone-tmpfiles.x86_64                       252.4-8.an23                        updates 
systemd-tests.x86_64                                     252.4-8.an23                        updates 
systemd-udev.x86_64                                      252.4-8.an23                        updates 
systemtap.x86_64                                         4.8-3.an23                          os      
systemtap-client.x86_64                                  4.8-3.an23                          os      
systemtap-devel.x86_64                                   4.8-3.an23                          os      
systemtap-exporter.x86_64                                4.8-3.an23                          os      
systemtap-initscript.x86_64                              4.8-3.an23                          os      
systemtap-runtime.x86_64                                 4.8-3.an23                          os      
systemtap-runtime-python3.x86_64                         4.8-3.an23                          os      
systemtap-runtime-virtguest.x86_64                       4.8-3.an23                          os      
systemtap-runtime-virthost.x86_64                        4.8-3.an23                          os      
systemtap-server.x86_64                                  4.8-3.an23                          os      
systemtap-testsuite.x86_64                               4.8-3.an23                          os      
t1lib.x86_64                                             5.1.2-34.an23                       os      
t1lib-apps.x86_64                                        5.1.2-34.an23                       os      
t1lib-devel.x86_64                                       5.1.2-34.an23                       os      
t1lib-doc.noarch                                         5.1.2-34.an23                       os      
t1lib-static.x86_64                                      5.1.2-34.an23                       os      
t1utils.x86_64                                           1.42-1.an23                         os      
taglib.x86_64                                            1.13-1.an23                         os      
taglib-devel.x86_64                                      1.13-1.an23                         os      
tang.x86_64                                              14-1.an23                           updates 
tar-doc.noarch                                           2:1.34-4.an23                       updates 
target-restore.noarch                                    2.1.75-1.an23                       os      
targetcli.noarch                                         2.1.54-1.an23                       os      
tbb.x86_64                                               2020.3-4.an23                       os      
tbb-devel.x86_64                                         2020.3-4.an23                       os      
tbb-doc.x86_64                                           2020.3-4.an23                       os      
tcl-brlapi.x86_64                                        0.8.4-5.an23                        os      
tcl-devel.x86_64                                         1:8.6.13-1.an23                     os      
tcl-doc.noarch                                           1:8.6.13-1.an23                     os      
tcpdump.x86_64                                           14:4.99.4-1.an23                    os      
tcpdump-doc.noarch                                       14:4.99.4-1.an23                    os      
tcsh.x86_64                                              6.24.07-1.an23                      os      
tcsh-doc.noarch                                          6.24.07-1.an23                      os      
tdb-tools.x86_64                                         1.4.8-1.an23                        os      
teamd.x86_64                                             1.31-2.an23                         os      
teamd-devel.x86_64                                       1.31-2.an23                         os      
teckit.x86_64                                            2.5.11-1.an23                       os      
teckit-devel.x86_64                                      2.5.11-1.an23                       os      
telnet.x86_64                                            1:0.17-1.an23                       os      
telnet-server.x86_64                                     1:0.17-1.an23                       os      
tengine.x86_64                                           3.0.0-4.an23                        updates 
tepl.x86_64                                              6.4.0-1.an23                        os      
tepl-devel.x86_64                                        6.4.0-1.an23                        os      
tepl-doc.noarch                                          6.4.0-1.an23                        os      
tesseract.x86_64                                         5.3.0-1.an23                        os      
tesseract-devel.x86_64                                   5.3.0-1.an23                        os      
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                            4.1.0-1.an23                        os      
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                            4.1.0-1.an23                        os      
testng.noarch                                            7.6.1-1.an23                        os      
testng-javadoc.noarch                                    7.6.1-1.an23                        os      
tex-preview.noarch                                       13.1-1.an23                         os      
texi2html.noarch                                         5.0-1.an23                          os      
texi2html-doc.noarch                                     5.0-1.an23                          os      
texinfo.x86_64                                           7.0.3-1.an23                        os      
texinfo-tex.x86_64                                       7.0.3-1.an23                        os      
texlive.noarch                                           10:2022-3.an23                      updates 
texlive-12many.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-12many-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-2up.noarch                                       10:svn55076-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-2up-doc.noarch                                   10:svn55076-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-a0poster.noarch                                  10:svn54071-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-a2ping.noarch                                    10:svn52964-14.an23                 os      
texlive-a4wide.noarch                                    10:svn20943.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-a4wide-doc.noarch                                10:svn20943.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-a5comb.noarch                                    10:svn17020.4-3.an23                updates 
texlive-a5comb-doc.noarch                                10:svn17020.4-3.an23                updates 
texlive-aaai-named.noarch                                10:svn52470-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-aalok.noarch                                     10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-aastex.noarch                                    10:svn58057-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-aastex-doc.noarch                                10:svn58057-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-abbr.noarch                                      10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-abbr-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-abc.noarch                                       10:svn41157-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-abc-doc.noarch                                   10:svn41157-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-abnt.noarch                                      10:svn55471-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-abntex2.noarch                                   10:svn49248-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-abntex2-doc.noarch                               10:svn49248-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-abntexto.noarch                                  10:svn64694-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-aboensis.noarch                                  10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-abraces.noarch                                   10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-abraces-doc.noarch                               10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-abspos.noarch                                    10:svn64465-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-abstract.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.2a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-abstract-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.2a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-abstyles.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-abstyles-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-academicons.noarch                               10:svn62622-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-academicons-doc.noarch                           10:svn62622-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-accanthis.noarch                                 10:svn64844-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-accanthis-doc.noarch                             10:svn64844-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-accents.noarch                                   10:svn51497-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-accessibility.noarch                             10:svn55777-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-accfonts.noarch                                  10:svn18835-14.an23                 os      
texlive-accsupp.noarch                                   10:svn53052-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-achemso.noarch                                   10:svn65103-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-achemso-doc.noarch                               10:svn65103-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-acmart.noarch                                    10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-acmart-doc.noarch                                10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-acmconf.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-acmconf-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-acro.noarch                                      10:svn62925-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-acro-doc.noarch                                  10:svn62925-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-acronym.noarch                                   10:svn54758-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-acronym-doc.noarch                               10:svn54758-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-acroterm.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-acroterm-doc.noarch                              10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-active-conf.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.3a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-active-conf-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.0.3a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-actuarialangle.noarch                            10:svn51376-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-actuarialangle-doc.noarch                        10:svn51376-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-actuarialsymbol.noarch                           10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-addfont.noarch                                   10:svn58559-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-addliga.noarch                                   10:svn50912-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-addlines.noarch                                  10:svn49326-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-addlines-doc.noarch                              10:svn49326-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-adfathesis.noarch                                10:svn26048.2.42-3.an23             updates 
texlive-adfathesis-doc.noarch                            10:svn26048.2.42-3.an23             updates 
texlive-adforn.noarch                                    10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-adforn-doc.noarch                                10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-adfsymbols.noarch                                10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-adfsymbols-doc.noarch                            10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-adhocfilelist.noarch                             10:svn29349-14.an23                 os      
texlive-adigraph.noarch                                  10:svn49862-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-adjmulticol.noarch                               10:svn63320-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-adjmulticol-doc.noarch                           10:svn63320-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-adjustbox.noarch                                 10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-adjustbox-doc.noarch                             10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-adobemapping.noarch                              10:svn51787-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-adrconv.noarch                                   10:svn46817-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-adrconv-doc.noarch                               10:svn46817-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-adtrees.noarch                                   10:svn51618-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-adtrees-doc.noarch                               10:svn51618-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-advdate.noarch                                   10:svn20538.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-advdate-doc.noarch                               10:svn20538.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ae.noarch                                        10:svn15878.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ae-doc.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-aeguill.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-aeguill-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-aesupp.noarch                                    10:svn58253-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-afm2pl.x86_64                                    10:svn54074-14.an23                 os      
texlive-afparticle.noarch                                10:svn35900.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-afparticle-doc.noarch                            10:svn35900.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-afthesis.noarch                                  10:svn15878.2.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-afthesis-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.2.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-aguplus.noarch                                   10:svn17156.1.6b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-aguplus-doc.noarch                               10:svn17156.1.6b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-aiaa.noarch                                      10:svn15878.3.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-aiaa-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.3.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-aichej.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ajl.noarch                                       10:svn34016.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-akktex.noarch                                    10:svn26055.0.3.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-akktex-doc.noarch                                10:svn26055.0.3.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-akletter.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.5i-3.an23             updates 
texlive-akletter-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.5i-3.an23             updates 
texlive-akshar.noarch                                    10:svn56277-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-albatross.x86_64                                 10:svn61175-14.an23                 os      
texlive-alegreya.noarch                                  10:svn64384-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-alegreya-doc.noarch                              10:svn64384-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-aleph.x86_64                                     10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-alertmessage.noarch                              10:svn38055.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-alertmessage-doc.noarch                          10:svn38055.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-alfaslabone.noarch                               10:svn57452-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-alg.noarch                                       10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-alg-doc.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-algobox.noarch                                   10:svn52204-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-algolrevived.noarch                              10:svn56864-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-algorithm2e.noarch                               10:svn44846-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-algorithm2e-doc.noarch                           10:svn44846-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-algorithmicx.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-algorithmicx-doc.noarch                          10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-algorithms.noarch                                10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-algorithms-doc.noarch                            10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-algpseudocodex.noarch                            10:svn64654-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-algxpar.noarch                                   10:svn56006-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-aligned-overset.noarch                           10:svn47290-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-alkalami.noarch                                  10:svn44497-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-allrunes.noarch                                  10:svn42221-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-allrunes-doc.noarch                              10:svn42221-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-almendra.noarch                                  10:svn64539-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-almfixed.noarch                                  10:svn35065.0.92-3.an23             updates 
texlive-almfixed-doc.noarch                              10:svn35065.0.92-3.an23             updates 
texlive-alnumsec.noarch                                  10:svn15878.v0.03-3.an23            updates 
texlive-alnumsec-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.v0.03-3.an23            updates 
texlive-alpha-persian.noarch                             10:svn50316-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-alphalph.noarch                                  10:svn53087-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-alterqcm.noarch                                  10:svn59265-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-altfont.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-altfont-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-altsubsup.noarch                                 10:svn62738-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-amiri.noarch                                     10:svn65191-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-amiri-doc.noarch                                 10:svn65191-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-amsaddr.noarch                                   10:svn64357-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-amsaddr-doc.noarch                               10:svn64357-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-amscdx.noarch                                    10:svn51532-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-amscls.noarch                                    10:svn55378-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-amscls-doc.noarch                                10:svn46110-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                                  10:svn61937-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-amsfonts-doc.noarch                              10:svn61937-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-amslatex-primer-doc.noarch                       10:svn28980.2.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-amsldoc-it-doc.noarch                            10:svn45662-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-amsldoc-vn-doc.noarch                            10:svn21855.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-amsmath.noarch                                   10:svn63514-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-amsmath-doc.noarch                               10:svn63514-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-amsmath-it-doc.noarch                            10:svn22930.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-amsrefs.noarch                                   10:svn61937-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-amsrefs-doc.noarch                               10:svn61937-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-amstex.noarch                                    10:svn63708-14.an23                 os      
texlive-amsthdoc-it-doc.noarch                           10:svn45662-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-andika.noarch                                    10:svn64540-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-animate.noarch                                   10:svn64401-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-animate-doc.noarch                               10:svn64401-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-annee-scolaire.noarch                            10:svn55988-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-annotate.noarch                                  10:svn52824-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-annotate-equations.noarch                        10:svn62932-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-anonchap.noarch                                  10:svn17049.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-anonchap-doc.noarch                              10:svn17049.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-anonymous-acm.noarch                             10:svn55121-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-anonymouspro.noarch                              10:svn51631-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-anonymouspro-doc.noarch                          10:svn51631-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-answers.noarch                                   10:svn35032.2.16-3.an23             updates 
texlive-answers-doc.noarch                               10:svn35032.2.16-3.an23             updates 
texlive-antanilipsum.noarch                              10:svn55250-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-antiqua.noarch                                   10:svn24266.001.003-3.an23          updates 
texlive-antiqua-doc.noarch                               10:svn24266.001.003-3.an23          updates 
texlive-antomega.noarch                                  10:svn21933.0.8-3.an23              updates 
texlive-antomega-doc.noarch                              10:svn21933.0.8-3.an23              updates 
texlive-antt.noarch                                      10:svn18651.2.08-3.an23             updates 
texlive-antt-doc.noarch                                  10:svn18651.2.08-3.an23             updates 
texlive-anufinalexam-doc.noarch                          10:svn26053.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-anyfontsize.noarch                               10:svn17050.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-anyfontsize-doc.noarch                           10:svn17050.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-anysize.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-anysize-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-aobs-tikz.noarch                                 10:svn32662.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-aobs-tikz-doc.noarch                             10:svn32662.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-aomart.noarch                                    10:svn63442-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-aomart-doc.noarch                                10:svn63442-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-apa.noarch                                       10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-apa-doc.noarch                                   10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-apa6.noarch                                      10:svn53406-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-apa6-doc.noarch                                  10:svn53406-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-apa6e.noarch                                     10:svn23350.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-apa6e-doc.noarch                                 10:svn23350.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-apa7.noarch                                      10:svn63974-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-apacite.noarch                                   10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-apacite-doc.noarch                               10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-apalike-ejor.noarch                              10:svn59667-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-apalike-german.noarch                            10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-apalike2.noarch                                  10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-apnum.noarch                                     10:svn47510-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-apnum-doc.noarch                                 10:svn47510-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-appendix.noarch                                  10:svn53718-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-appendix-doc.noarch                              10:svn53718-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-appendixnumberbeamer.noarch                      10:svn46317-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-appendixnumberbeamer-doc.noarch                  10:svn46317-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-apprendre-a-programmer-en-tex.noarch             10:svn57179-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-apprends-latex-doc.noarch                        10:svn19306.4.02-3.an23             updates 
texlive-apptools.noarch                                  10:svn28400.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-apptools-doc.noarch                              10:svn28400.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-apxproof.noarch                                  10:svn64715-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-arabi.noarch                                     10:svn44662-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-arabi-add.noarch                                 10:svn37709-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-arabi-add-doc.noarch                             10:svn37709-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-arabi-doc.noarch                                 10:svn44662-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-arabic-book.noarch                               10:svn59594-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-arabicfront.noarch                               10:svn51474-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-arabluatex.noarch                                10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-arabluatex-doc.noarch                            10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-arabtex.noarch                                   10:svn64260-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-arabtex-doc.noarch                               10:svn64260-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-arabxetex.noarch                                 10:svn38299.1.2.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-arabxetex-doc.noarch                             10:svn38299.1.2.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-aramaic-serto.noarch                             10:svn30042.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-aramaic-serto-doc.noarch                         10:svn30042.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-arara.noarch                                     10:svn63760-14.an23                 os      
texlive-archaeologie.noarch                              10:svn57090-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-archaeologie-doc.noarch                          10:svn57090-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-archaic.noarch                                   10:svn38005.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-archaic-doc.noarch                               10:svn38005.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-arcs.noarch                                      10:svn15878.1-3.an23                updates 
texlive-arcs-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1-3.an23                updates 
texlive-arev.noarch                                      10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-arev-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-arimo.noarch                                     10:svn64548-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-armtex.noarch                                    10:svn64182-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-armtex-doc.noarch                                10:svn64182-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-around-the-bend-doc.noarch                       10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-arphic.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-arphic-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-arphic-ttf.noarch                                10:svn42675-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-arraycols.noarch                                 10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-arrayjobx.noarch                                 10:svn18125.1.04-3.an23             updates 
texlive-arrayjobx-doc.noarch                             10:svn18125.1.04-3.an23             updates 
texlive-arraysort.noarch                                 10:svn31576.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-arraysort-doc.noarch                             10:svn31576.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-arsclassica.noarch                               10:svn45656-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-arsclassica-doc.noarch                           10:svn45656-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-articleingud.noarch                              10:svn38741-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-articleingud-doc.noarch                          10:svn38741-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-arvo.noarch                                      10:svn57213-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-arydshln.noarch                                  10:svn50084-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-arydshln-doc.noarch                              10:svn50084-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-asaetr.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-asaetr-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-asana-math.noarch                                10:svn59629-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-asana-math-doc.noarch                            10:svn59629-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-asapsym.noarch                                   10:svn40201-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-asapsym-doc.noarch                               10:svn40201-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ascelike.noarch                                  10:svn29129.2.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ascelike-doc.noarch                              10:svn29129.2.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ascii-chart-doc.noarch                           10:svn20536.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ascii-font.noarch                                10:svn29989.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ascii-font-doc.noarch                            10:svn29989.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-asciilist.noarch                                 10:svn49060-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-asciilist-doc.noarch                             10:svn49060-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ascmac.noarch                                    10:svn53411-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-askinclude.noarch                                10:svn54725-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-askmaps.noarch                                   10:svn56730-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-askmaps-doc.noarch                               10:svn56730-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-asmeconf.noarch                                  10:svn64435-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-asmejour.noarch                                  10:svn63736-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-aspectratio.noarch                               10:svn25243.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-aspectratio-doc.noarch                           10:svn25243.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-assignment.noarch                                10:svn20431.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-assignment-doc.noarch                            10:svn20431.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-assoccnt.noarch                                  10:svn38497-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-assoccnt-doc.noarch                              10:svn38497-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-association-matrix.noarch                        10:svn64845-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-asternote.noarch                                 10:svn63838-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-astro.noarch                                     10:svn15878.2.20-3.an23             updates 
texlive-astro-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.2.20-3.an23             updates 
texlive-asyfig.noarch                                    10:svn17512.0.1c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-asyfig-doc.noarch                                10:svn17512.0.1c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-asymptote-by-example-zh-cn-doc.noarch            10:svn15878-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-asymptote-faq-zh-cn-doc.noarch                   10:svn15878-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-asymptote-manual-zh-cn-doc.noarch                10:svn15878-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-asypictureb.noarch                               10:svn33490.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-asypictureb-doc.noarch                           10:svn33490.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-atbegshi.noarch                                  10:svn53051-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-atenddvi.noarch                                  10:svn56922-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-atendofenv.noarch                                10:svn62164-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-atkinson.noarch                                  10:svn64385-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-attachfile.noarch                                10:svn42099-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-attachfile-doc.noarch                            10:svn42099-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-attachfile2.noarch                               10:svn57959-14.an23                 os      
texlive-atveryend.noarch                                 10:svn53108-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-aucklandthesis.noarch                            10:svn51323-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-augie.noarch                                     10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-augie-doc.noarch                                 10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-auncial-new.noarch                               10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-auncial-new-doc.noarch                           10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-aurical.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-aurical-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-aurl.noarch                                      10:svn41853-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-authoraftertitle.noarch                          10:svn55889-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-authoraftertitle-doc.noarch                      10:svn55889-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-authorarchive.noarch                             10:svn63146-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-authordate.noarch                                10:svn52564-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-authorindex.noarch                               10:svn51757-14.an23                 os      
texlive-auto-pst-pdf.noarch                              10:svn56596-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-auto-pst-pdf-doc.noarch                          10:svn56596-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-auto-pst-pdf-lua.noarch                          10:svn54779-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-autoaligne.noarch                                10:svn56966-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-autoarea.noarch                                  10:svn59552-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-autoarea-doc.noarch                              10:svn59552-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-autobreak.noarch                                 10:svn43337-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-autofancyhdr.noarch                              10:svn54049-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-automata.noarch                                  10:svn19717.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-automata-doc.noarch                              10:svn19717.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-autonum.noarch                                   10:svn36084.0.3.11-3.an23           updates 
texlive-autonum-doc.noarch                               10:svn36084.0.3.11-3.an23           updates 
texlive-autopdf.noarch                                   10:svn32377.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-autopdf-doc.noarch                               10:svn32377.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-autopuncitems.noarch                             10:svn63045-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-autosp.x86_64                                    10:svn58211-14.an23                 os      
texlive-auxhook.noarch                                   10:svn53173-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-avantgar.noarch                                  10:svn61983-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-avremu.noarch                                    10:svn35373.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-avremu-doc.noarch                                10:svn35373.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-awesomebox.noarch                                10:svn57349-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-axessibility.noarch                              10:svn57105-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-axodraw2.x86_64                                  10:svn58155-14.an23                 os      
texlive-b1encoding.noarch                                10:svn21271.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-b1encoding-doc.noarch                            10:svn21271.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-babel.noarch                                     10:svn65366-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-albanian.noarch                            10:svn57005-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-albanian-doc.noarch                        10:svn57005-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-azerbaijani.noarch                         10:svn44197-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-bahasa.noarch                              10:svn30255.1.0l.metapackage-3.an23 updates 
texlive-babel-bahasa-doc.noarch                          10:svn30255.1.0l.metapackage-3.an23 updates 
texlive-babel-basque.noarch                              10:svn30256.1.0f-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-basque-doc.noarch                          10:svn30256.1.0f-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-belarusian.noarch                          10:svn49022-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-belarusian-doc.noarch                      10:svn49022-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-bosnian.noarch                             10:svn38174.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-babel-bosnian-doc.noarch                         10:svn38174.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-babel-breton.noarch                              10:svn30257.1.0h-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-breton-doc.noarch                          10:svn30257.1.0h-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-bulgarian.noarch                           10:svn31902.1.2g-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-bulgarian-doc.noarch                       10:svn31902.1.2g-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-catalan.noarch                             10:svn30259.2.2p-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-catalan-doc.noarch                         10:svn30259.2.2p-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-croatian.noarch                            10:svn35198.1.3l-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-croatian-doc.noarch                        10:svn35198.1.3l-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-czech.noarch                               10:svn30261.3.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-czech-doc.noarch                           10:svn30261.3.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-danish.noarch                              10:svn57642-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-danish-doc.noarch                          10:svn57642-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-doc.noarch                                 10:svn65366-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-dutch.noarch                               10:svn60362-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-dutch-doc.noarch                           10:svn60362-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-english.noarch                             10:svn44495-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-english-doc.noarch                         10:svn44495-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-esperanto.noarch                           10:svn30265.1.4t-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-esperanto-doc.noarch                       10:svn30265.1.4t-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-estonian.noarch                            10:svn38064.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-estonian-doc.noarch                        10:svn38064.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-finnish.noarch                             10:svn57643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-finnish-doc.noarch                         10:svn57643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-french.noarch                              10:svn65000-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-french-doc.noarch                          10:svn65000-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-friulan.noarch                             10:svn39861-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-friulan-doc.noarch                         10:svn39861-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-galician.noarch                            10:svn30270.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-babel-galician-doc.noarch                        10:svn30270.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-babel-georgian.noarch                            10:svn45864-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-georgian-doc.noarch                        10:svn45864-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-german.noarch                              10:svn57978-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-german-doc.noarch                          10:svn57978-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-greek.noarch                               10:svn56904-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-greek-doc.noarch                           10:svn56904-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-hebrew.noarch                              10:svn30273.2.3h-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-hebrew-doc.noarch                          10:svn30273.2.3h-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-hungarian.noarch                           10:svn49701-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-hungarian-doc.noarch                       10:svn49701-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-icelandic.noarch                           10:svn51551-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-icelandic-doc.noarch                       10:svn51551-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-indonesian.noarch                          10:svn43235-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-indonesian-doc.noarch                      10:svn43235-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-interlingua.noarch                         10:svn30276.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-babel-interlingua-doc.noarch                     10:svn30276.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-babel-irish.noarch                               10:svn30277.1.0h-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-irish-doc.noarch                           10:svn30277.1.0h-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-italian.noarch                             10:svn62890-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-italian-doc.noarch                         10:svn62890-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-japanese.noarch                            10:svn57733-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-kurmanji.noarch                            10:svn30279.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-babel-kurmanji-doc.noarch                        10:svn30279.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-babel-latin.noarch                               10:svn59800-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-latin-doc.noarch                           10:svn59800-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-latvian.noarch                             10:svn46681-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-latvian-doc.noarch                         10:svn46681-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-macedonian.noarch                          10:svn39587-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-macedonian-doc.noarch                      10:svn39587-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-malay.noarch                               10:svn43234-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-malay-doc.noarch                           10:svn43234-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-norsk.noarch                               10:svn65093-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-norsk-doc.noarch                           10:svn65093-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-occitan.noarch                             10:svn39608-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-occitan-doc.noarch                         10:svn39608-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-piedmontese.noarch                         10:svn30282.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-babel-piedmontese-doc.noarch                     10:svn30282.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-babel-polish.noarch                              10:svn62680-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-polish-doc.noarch                          10:svn62680-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-portuges.noarch                            10:svn59883-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-portuges-doc.noarch                        10:svn59883-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-romanian.noarch                            10:svn58776-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-romanian-doc.noarch                        10:svn58776-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-romansh.noarch                             10:svn30286.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-babel-romansh-doc.noarch                         10:svn30286.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-babel-russian.noarch                             10:svn57376-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-russian-doc.noarch                         10:svn57376-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-samin.noarch                               10:svn30288.1.0c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-samin-doc.noarch                           10:svn30288.1.0c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-scottish.noarch                            10:svn30289.1.0g-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-scottish-doc.noarch                        10:svn30289.1.0g-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-serbian.noarch                             10:svn64571-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-serbian-doc.noarch                         10:svn64571-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-serbianc.noarch                            10:svn64588-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-serbianc-doc.noarch                        10:svn64588-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-slovak.noarch                              10:svn30292.3.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-slovak-doc.noarch                          10:svn30292.3.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-slovenian.noarch                           10:svn57666-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-slovenian-doc.noarch                       10:svn57666-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-sorbian.noarch                             10:svn60975-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-sorbian-doc.noarch                         10:svn60975-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-spanish.noarch                             10:svn59367-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-spanish-doc.noarch                         10:svn59367-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-swedish.noarch                             10:svn57647-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-swedish-doc.noarch                         10:svn57647-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-thai.noarch                                10:svn30564.1.0.0-3.an23            updates 
texlive-babel-thai-doc.noarch                            10:svn30564.1.0.0-3.an23            updates 
texlive-babel-turkish.noarch                             10:svn51560-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-turkish-doc.noarch                         10:svn51560-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-ukrainian.noarch                           10:svn56674-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-ukrainian-doc.noarch                       10:svn56674-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-vietnamese.noarch                          10:svn39246-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-vietnamese-doc.noarch                      10:svn39246-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babel-welsh.noarch                               10:svn38372.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babel-welsh-doc.noarch                           10:svn38372.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-babelbib.noarch                                  10:svn57349-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-babelbib-doc.noarch                              10:svn57349-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-background.noarch                                10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-background-doc.noarch                            10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-backnaur.noarch                                  10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-backnaur-doc.noarch                              10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-baekmuk.noarch                                   10:svn56915-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bagpipe.noarch                                   10:svn34393.3.02-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bagpipe-doc.noarch                               10:svn34393.3.02-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bangla.noarch                                    10:svn60159-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bangorcsthesis.noarch                            10:svn61770-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bangorcsthesis-doc.noarch                        10:svn61770-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bangorexam.noarch                                10:svn65140-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bangtex.noarch                                   10:svn55475-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bangtex-doc.noarch                               10:svn55475-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bankstatement.noarch                             10:svn38857-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bankstatement-doc.noarch                         10:svn38857-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-barcodes.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-barcodes-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bardiag.noarch                                   10:svn22013.0.4a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bardiag-doc.noarch                               10:svn22013.0.4a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-barr.noarch                                      10:svn38479-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-barr-doc.noarch                                  10:svn38479-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-barracuda.noarch                                 10:svn63708-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bartel-chess-fonts.noarch                        10:svn20619.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bartel-chess-fonts-doc.noarch                    10:svn20619.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-base.x86_64                                      10:20220321-14.an23                 os      
texlive-bashful.noarch                                   10:svn25597.0.93-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bashful-doc.noarch                               10:svn25597.0.93-3.an23             updates 
texlive-basicarith.noarch                                10:svn35460.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-basicarith-doc.noarch                            10:svn35460.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-baskervald.noarch                                10:svn19490.1.016-3.an23            updates 
texlive-baskervald-doc.noarch                            10:svn19490.1.016-3.an23            updates 
texlive-baskervaldx.noarch                               10:svn57080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-baskervaldx-doc.noarch                           10:svn57080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-baskervillef.noarch                              10:svn55475-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-basque-book.noarch                               10:svn32924.1.20-3.an23             updates 
texlive-basque-book-doc.noarch                           10:svn32924.1.20-3.an23             updates 
texlive-basque-date.noarch                               10:svn26477.1.05-3.an23             updates 
texlive-basque-date-doc.noarch                           10:svn26477.1.05-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bath-bst.noarch                                  10:svn63398-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bbcard.noarch                                    10:svn19440.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bbcard-doc.noarch                                10:svn19440.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bbding.noarch                                    10:svn17186.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bbding-doc.noarch                                10:svn17186.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bbm.noarch                                       10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bbm-doc.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bbm-macros.noarch                                10:svn17224.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bbm-macros-doc.noarch                            10:svn17224.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bbold.noarch                                     10:svn17187.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bbold-doc.noarch                                 10:svn17187.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bbold-type1.noarch                               10:svn33143.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bbold-type1-doc.noarch                           10:svn33143.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bboldx.noarch                                    10:svn60919-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bchart.noarch                                    10:svn43928-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bchart-doc.noarch                                10:svn43928-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bclogo.noarch                                    10:svn39364-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bclogo-doc.noarch                                10:svn39364-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamer.noarch                                    10:svn64388-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamer-doc.noarch                                10:svn64388-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamer-fuberlin.noarch                           10:svn63161-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamer-fuberlin-doc.noarch                       10:svn63161-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamer-rl.noarch                                 10:svn63668-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamer-tut-pt-doc.noarch                         10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-beamer-verona.noarch                             10:svn39180-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamer-verona-doc.noarch                         10:svn39180-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamer2thesis.noarch                             10:svn27539.2.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-beamer2thesis-doc.noarch                         10:svn27539.2.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-beamerappendixnote.noarch                        10:svn55732-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beameraudience.noarch                            10:svn23427.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-beameraudience-doc.noarch                        10:svn23427.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-beamerauxtheme.noarch                            10:svn56087-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamercolorthemeowl.noarch                       10:svn40105-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamercolorthemeowl-doc.noarch                   10:svn40105-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamerdarkthemes.noarch                          10:svn55117-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamerdarkthemes-doc.noarch                      10:svn55117-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamerposter.noarch                              10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamerposter-doc.noarch                          10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamersubframe.noarch                            10:svn23510.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-beamersubframe-doc.noarch                        10:svn23510.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-beamerswitch.noarch                              10:svn64182-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-arguelles.noarch                     10:svn65234-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-cuerna.noarch                        10:svn42161-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-detlevcm.noarch                      10:svn39048-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-detlevcm-doc.noarch                  10:svn39048-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-epyt.noarch                          10:svn41404-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-epyt-doc.noarch                      10:svn41404-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-focus.noarch                         10:svn62551-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-light.noarch                         10:svn49867-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-metropolis.noarch                    10:svn43031-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-metropolis-doc.noarch                10:svn43031-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-npbt.noarch                          10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-phnompenh.noarch                     10:svn39100-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-phnompenh-doc.noarch                 10:svn39100-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-pure-minimalistic.noarch             10:svn56934-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-saintpetersburg.noarch               10:svn45877-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-simpledarkblue.noarch                10:svn60061-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-simpleplus.noarch                    10:svn64770-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-tcolorbox.noarch                     10:svn64387-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-trigon.noarch                        10:svn63270-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamertheme-upenn-bc.noarch                      10:svn29937.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-beamertheme-upenn-bc-doc.noarch                  10:svn29937.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-beamerthemeamurmaple.noarch                      10:svn64346-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamerthemejltree.noarch                         10:svn21977.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-beamerthemelalic.noarch                          10:svn58777-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beamerthemenirma.noarch                          10:svn20765.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-beamerthemenirma-doc.noarch                      10:svn20765.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-beamerthemenord.noarch                           10:svn56180-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bearwear.noarch                                  10:svn54826-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beaulivre.noarch                                 10:svn64280-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-beebe.noarch                                     10:svn65356-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-begingreek.noarch                                10:svn63255-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-begingreek-doc.noarch                            10:svn63255-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-begriff.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-begriff-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-beilstein.noarch                                 10:svn56193-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-belleek.noarch                                   10:svn18651.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-belleek-doc.noarch                               10:svn18651.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bengali.noarch                                   10:svn55475-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bengali-doc.noarch                               10:svn55475-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bera.noarch                                      10:svn20031.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bera-doc.noarch                                  10:svn20031.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-berenisadf.noarch                                10:svn32215.1.004-3.an23            updates 
texlive-berenisadf-doc.noarch                            10:svn32215.1.004-3.an23            updates 
texlive-besjournals.noarch                               10:svn45662-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-besjournals-doc.noarch                           10:svn45662-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bestpapers.noarch                                10:svn38708-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bestpapers-doc.noarch                            10:svn38708-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-betababel.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-betababel-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-beton.noarch                                     10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-beton-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-beuron.noarch                                    10:svn46374-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bewerbung.noarch                                 10:svn61632-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bewerbung-doc.noarch                             10:svn61632-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bez123.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.1b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bez123-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.1b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bezierplot.noarch                                10:svn51398-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bfh-ci.noarch                                    10:svn65019-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bgteubner.noarch                                 10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bgteubner-doc.noarch                             10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bguq.noarch                                      10:svn27401.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bguq-doc.noarch                                  10:svn27401.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bhcexam.noarch                                   10:svn64093-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bhcexam-doc.noarch                               10:svn64093-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bib-fr.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bib-fr-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bib2gls.noarch                                   10:svn64710-14.an23                 os      
texlive-bibarts.noarch                                   10:svn64579-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bibarts-doc.noarch                               10:svn64579-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bibcop.noarch                                    10:svn65306-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bibexport.noarch                                 10:svn50677-14.an23                 os      
texlive-bibhtml.noarch                                   10:svn31607.2.0.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-bibhtml-doc.noarch                               10:svn31607.2.0.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-biblatex.noarch                                  10:svn63878-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-abnt.noarch                             10:svn49179-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-abnt-doc.noarch                         10:svn49179-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-ajc2020unofficial.noarch                10:svn54401-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-anonymous.noarch                        10:svn48548-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-anonymous-doc.noarch                    10:svn48548-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-apa.noarch                              10:svn63719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-apa-doc.noarch                          10:svn63719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-apa6.noarch                             10:svn56209-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-archaeology.noarch                      10:svn53281-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-arthistory-bonn.noarch                  10:svn46637-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-bath.noarch                             10:svn63401-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-bookinarticle.noarch                    10:svn40323-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-bookinarticle-doc.noarch                10:svn40323-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-bookinother.noarch                      10:svn54015-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-bookinother-doc.noarch                  10:svn54015-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-bwl.noarch                              10:svn26556.0.02-3.an23             updates 
texlive-biblatex-bwl-doc.noarch                          10:svn26556.0.02-3.an23             updates 
texlive-biblatex-caspervector.noarch                     10:svn64866-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-caspervector-doc.noarch                 10:svn64866-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-cheatsheet-doc.noarch                   10:svn44685-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-chem.noarch                             10:svn57904-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-chem-doc.noarch                         10:svn57904-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-chicago.noarch                          10:svn65037-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-chicago-doc.noarch                      10:svn65037-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-claves.noarch                           10:svn43723-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-claves-doc.noarch                       10:svn43723-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-cv.noarch                               10:svn59433-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-doc.noarch                              10:svn63878-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-dw.noarch                               10:svn42649-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-dw-doc.noarch                           10:svn42649-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-enc.noarch                              10:svn44627-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-ext.noarch                              10:svn63638-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-fiwi.noarch                             10:svn45876-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-fiwi-doc.noarch                         10:svn45876-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-gb7714-2015.noarch                      10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-german-legal.noarch                     10:svn56939-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-gost.noarch                             10:svn59135-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-gost-doc.noarch                         10:svn59135-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-historian.noarch                        10:svn19787.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-biblatex-historian-doc.noarch                    10:svn19787.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-biblatex-ieee.noarch                             10:svn61243-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-ieee-doc.noarch                         10:svn61243-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-ijsra.noarch                            10:svn41634-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-ijsra-doc.noarch                        10:svn41634-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-iso690.noarch                           10:svn62866-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-iso690-doc.noarch                       10:svn62866-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-jura2.noarch                            10:svn64762-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-juradiss.noarch                         10:svn56502-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-juradiss-doc.noarch                     10:svn56502-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-license.noarch                          10:svn58437-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-lncs.noarch                             10:svn65280-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-lni.noarch                              10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-lni-doc.noarch                          10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-luh-ipw.noarch                          10:svn32180.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-biblatex-luh-ipw-doc.noarch                      10:svn32180.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-biblatex-manuscripts-philology.noarch            10:svn53344-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-manuscripts-philology-doc.noarch        10:svn53344-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-mla.noarch                              10:svn62138-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-mla-doc.noarch                          10:svn62138-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-morenames.noarch                        10:svn43049-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-morenames-doc.noarch                    10:svn43049-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-ms.noarch                               10:svn64180-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-multiple-dm.noarch                      10:svn37081.1.0.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-biblatex-multiple-dm-doc.noarch                  10:svn37081.1.0.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-biblatex-musuos.noarch                           10:svn24097.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-biblatex-musuos-doc.noarch                       10:svn24097.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-biblatex-nature.noarch                           10:svn57262-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-nature-doc.noarch                       10:svn57262-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-nejm.noarch                             10:svn49839-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-nejm-doc.noarch                         10:svn49839-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-nottsclassic.noarch                     10:svn41596-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-nottsclassic-doc.noarch                 10:svn41596-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-opcit-booktitle.noarch                  10:svn48983-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-opcit-booktitle-doc.noarch              10:svn48983-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-oxref.noarch                            10:svn57513-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-philosophy.noarch                       10:svn64414-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-philosophy-doc.noarch                   10:svn64414-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-phys.noarch                             10:svn55643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-phys-doc.noarch                         10:svn55643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-publist.noarch                          10:svn65182-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-publist-doc.noarch                      10:svn65182-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-readbbl.noarch                          10:svn61549-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-realauthor.noarch                       10:svn45865-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-realauthor-doc.noarch                   10:svn45865-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-sbl.noarch                              10:svn63639-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-science.noarch                          10:svn48945-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-science-doc.noarch                      10:svn48945-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-shortfields.noarch                      10:svn45858-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-socialscienceshuberlin.noarch           10:svn47839-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-software.noarch                         10:svn64030-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-source-division.noarch                  10:svn45379-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-source-division-doc.noarch              10:svn45379-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-spbasic.noarch                          10:svn61439-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-subseries.noarch                        10:svn43330-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-subseries-doc.noarch                    10:svn43330-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-swiss-legal.noarch                      10:svn64491-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-swiss-legal-doc.noarch                  10:svn64491-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-trad.noarch                             10:svn58169-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-trad-doc.noarch                         10:svn58169-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-true-citepages-omit.noarch              10:svn44653-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-true-citepages-omit-doc.noarch          10:svn44653-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-unified.noarch                          10:svn64975-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex-vancouver.noarch                        10:svn55339-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblatex2bibitem.noarch                          10:svn61648-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bibleref.noarch                                  10:svn55626-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bibleref-doc.noarch                              10:svn55626-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bibleref-french.noarch                           10:svn53138-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bibleref-french-doc.noarch                       10:svn53138-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bibleref-german.noarch                           10:svn21923.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bibleref-german-doc.noarch                       10:svn21923.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bibleref-lds.noarch                              10:svn25526.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bibleref-lds-doc.noarch                          10:svn25526.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bibleref-mouth.noarch                            10:svn25527.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bibleref-mouth-doc.noarch                        10:svn25527.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bibleref-parse.noarch                            10:svn22054.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bibleref-parse-doc.noarch                        10:svn22054.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bibletext.noarch                                 10:svn45196-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bibletext-doc.noarch                             10:svn45196-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biblist.noarch                                   10:svn17116.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-biblist-doc.noarch                               10:svn17116.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bibtex.x86_64                                    10:svn64491-14.an23                 os      
texlive-bibtex8.x86_64                                   10:svn64491-14.an23                 os      
texlive-bibtexperllibs.noarch                            10:svn57137-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bibtexu.x86_64                                   10:svn64491-14.an23                 os      
texlive-bibtopic.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bibtopic-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bibtopicprefix.noarch                            10:svn15878.1.10-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bibtopicprefix-doc.noarch                        10:svn15878.1.10-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bibunits.noarch                                  10:svn15878.2.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bibunits-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.2.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bidi.noarch                                      10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bidi-atbegshi.noarch                             10:svn62009-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bidi-atbegshi-doc.noarch                         10:svn62009-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bidi-doc.noarch                                  10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bidicontour.noarch                               10:svn34631.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bidicontour-doc.noarch                           10:svn34631.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bidihl.noarch                                    10:svn37795.0.1c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bidihl-doc.noarch                                10:svn37795.0.1c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bidipagegrid.noarch                              10:svn34632.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bidipagegrid-doc.noarch                          10:svn34632.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bidipresentation.noarch                          10:svn35267.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bidipresentation-doc.noarch                      10:svn35267.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bidishadowtext.noarch                            10:svn34633.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bidishadowtext-doc.noarch                        10:svn34633.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bigfoot.noarch                                   10:svn38248.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bigfoot-doc.noarch                               10:svn38248.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bigintcalc.noarch                                10:svn53172-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bigints.noarch                                   10:svn29803.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bigints-doc.noarch                               10:svn29803.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bilingualpages.noarch                            10:svn59643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-binarytree.noarch                                10:svn41777-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-binomexp.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-binomexp-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-biochemistry-colors.noarch                       10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-biocon.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-biocon-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-biolett-bst.noarch                               10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bitelist.noarch                                  10:svn25779.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bitelist-doc.noarch                              10:svn25779.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bithesis.noarch                                  10:svn65314-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bitpattern.noarch                                10:svn39073-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bitpattern-doc.noarch                            10:svn39073-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bitset.noarch                                    10:svn53837-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bitter.noarch                                    10:svn64541-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bizcard.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bizcard-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bjfuthesis.noarch                                10:svn59809-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-blacklettert1.noarch                             10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-blacklettert1-doc.noarch                         10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-blindtext.noarch                                 10:svn25039.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-blindtext-doc.noarch                             10:svn25039.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-blkarray.noarch                                  10:svn36406.0.07-3.an23             updates 
texlive-blkarray-doc.noarch                              10:svn36406.0.07-3.an23             updates 
texlive-blochsphere.noarch                               10:svn38388-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-blochsphere-doc.noarch                           10:svn38388-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-block.noarch                                     10:svn17209.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-block-doc.noarch                                 10:svn17209.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-blockdraw_mp.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-blockdraw_mp-doc.noarch                          10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bloques.noarch                                   10:svn22490.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bloques-doc.noarch                               10:svn22490.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-blowup.noarch                                    10:svn64466-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-blox.noarch                                      10:svn57949-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-blox-doc.noarch                                  10:svn57949-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bmstu.noarch                                     10:svn62012-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bmstu-iu8.noarch                                 10:svn61937-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bnumexpr.noarch                                  10:svn59244-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bnumexpr-doc.noarch                              10:svn59244-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bodegraph.noarch                                 10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bodegraph-doc.noarch                             10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bodeplot.noarch                                  10:svn65074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bohr.noarch                                      10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bohr-doc.noarch                                  10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-boisik.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-boisik-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-boites.noarch                                    10:svn32235.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-boites-doc.noarch                                10:svn32235.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bold-extra.noarch                                10:svn17076.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bold-extra-doc.noarch                            10:svn17076.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-boldtensors.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-boldtensors-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bondgraph.noarch                                 10:svn21670.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bondgraph-doc.noarch                             10:svn21670.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bondgraphs.noarch                                10:svn36605.1.0.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-bondgraphs-doc.noarch                            10:svn36605.1.0.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-book-of-common-prayer.noarch                     10:svn62240-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bookcover.noarch                                 10:svn64078-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bookcover-doc.noarch                             10:svn64078-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bookdb.noarch                                    10:svn37536.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bookdb-doc.noarch                                10:svn37536.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bookest.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bookest-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bookhands.noarch                                 10:svn46480-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bookhands-doc.noarch                             10:svn46480-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-booklet.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0.7b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-booklet-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.7b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bookman.noarch                                   10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bookmark.noarch                                  10:svn56885-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bookshelf.noarch                                 10:svn55475-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-booktabs.noarch                                  10:svn53402-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-booktabs-de-doc.noarch                           10:svn21907.1.61803-3.an23          updates 
texlive-booktabs-doc.noarch                              10:svn53402-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-booktabs-fr-doc.noarch                           10:svn21948.1.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-boolexpr.noarch                                  10:svn17830.3.14-3.an23             updates 
texlive-boolexpr-doc.noarch                              10:svn17830.3.14-3.an23             updates 
texlive-boondox.noarch                                   10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-boondox-doc.noarch                               10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bophook.noarch                                   10:svn17062.0.02-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bophook-doc.noarch                               10:svn17062.0.02-3.an23             updates 
texlive-borceux.noarch                                   10:svn21047.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-borceux-doc.noarch                               10:svn21047.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bosisio.noarch                                   10:svn16989.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bosisio-doc.noarch                               10:svn16989.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-boxedminipage.noarch                             10:svn54827-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-boxhandler.noarch                                10:svn28031.1.30-3.an23             updates 
texlive-boxhandler-doc.noarch                            10:svn28031.1.30-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bpchem.noarch                                    10:svn45120-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bpchem-doc.noarch                                10:svn45120-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bpolynomial.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bpolynomial-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-br-lex.noarch                                    10:svn44939-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-br-lex-doc.noarch                                10:svn44939-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bracketkey.noarch                                10:svn17129.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bracketkey-doc.noarch                            10:svn17129.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-braids.noarch                                    10:svn64817-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-braids-doc.noarch                                10:svn64817-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-braille.noarch                                   10:svn20655.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-braille-doc.noarch                               10:svn20655.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-braket.noarch                                    10:svn17127.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-braket-doc.noarch                                10:svn17127.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-brandeis-dissertation.noarch                     10:svn61215-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-brandeis-dissertation-doc.noarch                 10:svn61215-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-brandeis-problemset.noarch                       10:svn50991-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-brandeis-thesis.noarch                           10:svn59832-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-breakcites.noarch                                10:svn21014-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-breakcites-doc.noarch                            10:svn21014-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-breakurl.noarch                                  10:svn29901.1.40-3.an23             updates 
texlive-breakurl-doc.noarch                              10:svn29901.1.40-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bredzenie.noarch                                 10:svn44371-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-breqn.noarch                                     10:svn60881-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-breqn-doc.noarch                                 10:svn60881-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bropd.noarch                                     10:svn35383.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bropd-doc.noarch                                 10:svn35383.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-brushscr.noarch                                  10:svn28363.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-brushscr-doc.noarch                              10:svn28363.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-bubblesort.noarch                                10:svn56070-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-buctthesis.noarch                                10:svn64004-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bullcntr.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.04-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bullcntr-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.04-3.an23             updates 
texlive-bundledoc.noarch                                 10:svn64620-14.an23                 os      
texlive-burmese.noarch                                   10:svn25185.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-burmese-doc.noarch                               10:svn25185.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-businesscard-qrcode.noarch                       10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bussproofs.noarch                                10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bussproofs-doc.noarch                            10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bussproofs-extra.noarch                          10:svn51299-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxbase.noarch                                    10:svn56528-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxbase-doc.noarch                                10:svn56528-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxcalc.noarch                                    10:svn56431-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxcjkjatype.noarch                               10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxcjkjatype-doc.noarch                           10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxdpx-beamer.noarch                              10:svn41813-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxdpx-beamer-doc.noarch                          10:svn41813-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxdvidriver.noarch                               10:svn43219-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxdvidriver-doc.noarch                           10:svn43219-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxeepic.noarch                                   10:svn30559.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bxeepic-doc.noarch                               10:svn30559.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-bxenclose.noarch                                 10:svn40213-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxenclose-doc.noarch                             10:svn40213-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxghost.noarch                                   10:svn63354-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxjaholiday.noarch                               10:svn60636-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxjalipsum.noarch                                10:svn43369-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxjaprnind.noarch                                10:svn59641-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxjatoucs.noarch                                 10:svn52509-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxjscls.noarch                                   10:svn63011-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxjscls-doc.noarch                               10:svn63011-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxnewfont.noarch                                 10:svn44173-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxnewfont-doc.noarch                             10:svn44173-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxorigcapt.noarch                                10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxpapersize.noarch                               10:svn63174-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxpapersize-doc.noarch                           10:svn63174-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxpdfver.noarch                                  10:svn63185-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxpdfver-doc.noarch                              10:svn63185-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxtexlogo.noarch                                 10:svn63231-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bxwareki.noarch                                  10:svn51286-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-byo-twemojis.noarch                              10:svn58917-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-byrne.noarch                                     10:svn61943-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bytefield.noarch                                 10:svn60265-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-bytefield-doc.noarch                             10:svn60265-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-c-pascal.noarch                                  10:svn18337.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-c-pascal-doc.noarch                              10:svn18337.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-c90.noarch                                       10:svn60830-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-c90-doc.noarch                                   10:svn60830-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cabin.noarch                                     10:svn65358-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cabin-doc.noarch                                 10:svn65358-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cachepic.noarch                                  10:svn26313-14.an23                 os      
texlive-caladea.noarch                                   10:svn64549-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-caladea-doc.noarch                               10:svn64549-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-calcage.noarch                                   10:svn27725.0.90-3.an23             updates 
texlive-calcage-doc.noarch                               10:svn27725.0.90-3.an23             updates 
texlive-calctab.noarch                                   10:svn15878.v0.6.1-3.an23           updates 
texlive-calctab-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.v0.6.1-3.an23           updates 
texlive-calculation.noarch                               10:svn35973.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-calculation-doc.noarch                           10:svn35973.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-calculator.noarch                                10:svn64424-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-calculator-doc.noarch                            10:svn64424-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-calligra.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-calligra-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-calligra-type1.noarch                            10:svn24302.001.000-3.an23          updates 
texlive-calligra-type1-doc.noarch                        10:svn24302.001.000-3.an23          updates 
texlive-callouts.noarch                                  10:svn44899-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-calrsfs.noarch                                   10:svn17125.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-calrsfs-doc.noarch                               10:svn17125.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cals.noarch                                      10:svn43003-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cals-doc.noarch                                  10:svn43003-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-calxxxx-yyyy.noarch                              10:svn61463-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-calxxxx-yyyy-doc.noarch                          10:svn61463-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cancel.noarch                                    10:svn32508.2.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cancel-doc.noarch                                10:svn32508.2.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-canoniclayout.noarch                             10:svn64889-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-canoniclayout-doc.noarch                         10:svn64889-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cantarell.noarch                                 10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cantarell-doc.noarch                             10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-capt-of.noarch                                   10:svn29803.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-capt-of-doc.noarch                               10:svn29803.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-captcont.noarch                                  10:svn15878.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-captcont-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-captdef.noarch                                   10:svn17353.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-captdef-doc.noarch                               10:svn17353.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-caption.noarch                                   10:svn62757-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-caption-doc.noarch                               10:svn62757-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-carbohydrates.noarch                             10:svn39000-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-carbohydrates-doc.noarch                         10:svn39000-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-carlisle.noarch                                  10:svn59577-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-carlisle-doc.noarch                              10:svn59577-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-carlito.noarch                                   10:svn64624-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-carlito-doc.noarch                               10:svn64624-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-carolmin-ps.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-carolmin-ps-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cartonaugh.noarch                                10:svn59938-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cascade.noarch                                   10:svn60310-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cascadia-code.noarch                             10:svn57478-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cascadilla.noarch                                10:svn25144.1.8.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-cascadilla-doc.noarch                            10:svn25144.1.8.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-cases.noarch                                     10:svn54682-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cases-doc.noarch                                 10:svn54682-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-casyl.noarch                                     10:svn15878.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-casyl-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-catchfile.noarch                                 10:svn53084-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-catchfilebetweentags.noarch                      10:svn21476.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-catchfilebetweentags-doc.noarch                  10:svn21476.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-catcodes.noarch                                  10:svn38859-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-catcodes-doc.noarch                              10:svn38859-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-catechis.noarch                                  10:svn59998-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-catechis-doc.noarch                              10:svn59998-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-catoptions.noarch                                10:svn35069.0.2.7h-3.an23           updates 
texlive-catoptions-doc.noarch                            10:svn35069.0.2.7h-3.an23           updates 
texlive-causets.noarch                                   10:svn63366-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cbcoptic.noarch                                  10:svn16666.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cbcoptic-doc.noarch                              10:svn16666.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cbfonts.noarch                                   10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cbfonts-doc.noarch                               10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cbfonts-fd.noarch                                10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cbfonts-fd-doc.noarch                            10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cc-pl.noarch                                     10:svn58602-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cc-pl-doc.noarch                                 10:svn58602-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ccaption.noarch                                  10:svn23443.3.2c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ccaption-doc.noarch                              10:svn23443.3.2c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ccfonts.noarch                                   10:svn61431-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ccfonts-doc.noarch                               10:svn61431-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ccicons.noarch                                   10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ccicons-doc.noarch                               10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cclicenses.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cclicenses-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ccool.noarch                                     10:svn60600-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cd.noarch                                        10:svn34452.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cd-cover.noarch                                  10:svn17121.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cd-cover-doc.noarch                              10:svn17121.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cd-doc.noarch                                    10:svn34452.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cdcmd.noarch                                     10:svn60742-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cdpbundl.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cdpbundl-doc.noarch                              10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cell.noarch                                      10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cell-doc.noarch                                  10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cellprops.noarch                                 10:svn57599-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cellspace.noarch                                 10:svn61501-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cellspace-doc.noarch                             10:svn61501-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-celtic.noarch                                    10:svn39797-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-celtic-doc.noarch                                10:svn39797-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-censor.noarch                                    10:svn63126-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-censor-doc.noarch                                10:svn63126-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-centeredline.noarch                              10:svn64672-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-centerlastline.noarch                            10:svn56644-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cesenaexam.noarch                                10:svn44960-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cfr-initials.noarch                              10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cfr-initials-doc.noarch                          10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cfr-lm.noarch                                    10:svn36195.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cfr-lm-doc.noarch                                10:svn36195.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-changebar.noarch                                 10:svn63259-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-changebar-doc.noarch                             10:svn63259-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-changelayout.noarch                              10:svn16094.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-changelayout-doc.noarch                          10:svn16094.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-changelog.noarch                                 10:svn56338-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-changepage.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.0c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-changepage-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.1.0c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-changes.noarch                                   10:svn59950-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-changes-doc.noarch                               10:svn59950-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chappg.noarch                                    10:svn15878.2.1b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-chappg-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.2.1b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-chapterfolder.noarch                             10:svn15878.2.0.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-chapterfolder-doc.noarch                         10:svn15878.2.0.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-charissil.noarch                                 10:svn64998-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-charter.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-charter-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-chbibref.noarch                                  10:svn17120.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-chbibref-doc.noarch                              10:svn17120.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cheatsheet.noarch                                10:svn45069-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-checkcites.noarch                                10:svn64155-14.an23                 os      
texlive-checkend.noarch                                  10:svn51475-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-checklistings.noarch                             10:svn38300-14.an23                 os      
texlive-chem-journal.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-chemarrow.noarch                                 10:svn17146.0.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-chemarrow-doc.noarch                             10:svn17146.0.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-chembst.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0.2.5-3.an23            updates 
texlive-chembst-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.2.5-3.an23            updates 
texlive-chemcompounds.noarch                             10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-chemcompounds-doc.noarch                         10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-chemcono.noarch                                  10:svn17119.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-chemcono-doc.noarch                              10:svn17119.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-chemexec.noarch                                  10:svn21632.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-chemexec-doc.noarch                              10:svn21632.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-chemfig.noarch                                   10:svn64529-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chemfig-doc.noarch                               10:svn64529-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chemformula.noarch                               10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chemformula-doc.noarch                           10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chemgreek.noarch                                 10:svn53437-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chemgreek-doc.noarch                             10:svn53437-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chemmacros.noarch                                10:svn62655-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chemmacros-doc.noarch                            10:svn62655-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chemnum.noarch                                   10:svn57490-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chemnum-doc.noarch                               10:svn57490-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chemobabel.noarch                                10:svn64778-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chemplants.noarch                                10:svn60606-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chemschemex.noarch                               10:svn46723-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chemschemex-doc.noarch                           10:svn46723-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chemsec.noarch                                   10:svn46972-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chemstyle.noarch                                 10:svn31096.2.0m-3.an23             updates 
texlive-chemstyle-doc.noarch                             10:svn31096.2.0m-3.an23             updates 
texlive-cherokee.noarch                                  10:svn21046.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cherokee-doc.noarch                              10:svn21046.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-chess.noarch                                     10:svn20582.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-chess-doc.noarch                                 10:svn20582.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-chess-problem-diagrams.noarch                    10:svn63708-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chess-problem-diagrams-doc.noarch                10:svn63708-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chessboard.noarch                                10:svn56833-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chessboard-doc.noarch                            10:svn56833-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chessfss.noarch                                  10:svn19440.1.2a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-chessfss-doc.noarch                              10:svn19440.1.2a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-chet.noarch                                      10:svn45081-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chet-doc.noarch                                  10:svn45081-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chextras.noarch                                  10:svn27118.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-chextras-doc.noarch                              10:svn27118.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-chhaya.noarch                                    10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chicago.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-chicago-annote.noarch                            10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-chicago-annote-doc.noarch                        10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-chicagoa.noarch                                  10:svn52567-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chickenize.noarch                                10:svn57325-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chickenize-doc.noarch                            10:svn57325-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chifoot.noarch                                   10:svn57312-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-childdoc.noarch                                  10:svn49543-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chinese-jfm.noarch                               10:svn57758-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chinesechess.noarch                              10:svn63276-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chivo.noarch                                     10:svn65029-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chivo-doc.noarch                                 10:svn65029-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chkfloat.noarch                                  10:svn27473.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-chkfloat-doc.noarch                              10:svn27473.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-chklref.noarch                                   10:svn52649-14.an23                 os      
texlive-chktex.x86_64                                    10:svn64797-14.an23                 os      
texlive-chletter.noarch                                  10:svn20060.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-chletter-doc.noarch                              10:svn20060.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-chngcntr.noarch                                  10:svn47577-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chngcntr-doc.noarch                              10:svn47577-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chordbars.noarch                                 10:svn49569-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chordbox.noarch                                  10:svn51000-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chronology.noarch                                10:svn37934.1.1.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-chronology-doc.noarch                            10:svn37934.1.1.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-chronosys.noarch                                 10:svn26700.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-chronosys-doc.noarch                             10:svn26700.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-chs-physics-report.noarch                        10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-chscite.noarch                                   10:svn28552.2.9999-3.an23           updates 
texlive-chscite-doc.noarch                               10:svn28552.2.9999-3.an23           updates 
texlive-churchslavonic.noarch                            10:svn42751-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-churchslavonic-doc.noarch                        10:svn42751-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cinzel.noarch                                    10:svn64550-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cinzel-doc.noarch                                10:svn64550-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-circ.noarch                                      10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-circ-doc.noarch                                  10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-circledsteps.noarch                              10:svn63255-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-circledtext.noarch                               10:svn63166-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-circuit-macros.noarch                            10:svn65149-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-circuitikz.noarch                                10:svn65240-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-circuitikz-doc.noarch                            10:svn65240-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-citation-style-language.noarch                   10:svn65357-14.an23                 os      
texlive-cite.noarch                                      10:svn36428.5.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cite-doc.noarch                                  10:svn36428.5.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-citeall.noarch                                   10:svn45975-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-citeall-doc.noarch                               10:svn45975-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-citeref.noarch                                   10:svn47407-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cje.noarch                                       10:svn46721-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cjhebrew.noarch                                  10:svn43444-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cjhebrew-doc.noarch                              10:svn43444-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cjk.noarch                                       10:svn60865-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cjk-doc.noarch                                   10:svn60865-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cjk-ko.noarch                                    10:svn63561-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cjk-ko-doc.noarch                                10:svn63561-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cjkpunct.noarch                                  10:svn41119-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cjkpunct-doc.noarch                              10:svn41119-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cjkutils.x86_64                                  10:svn60833-14.an23                 os      
texlive-clara.noarch                                     10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-classics.noarch                                  10:svn53671-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-classics-doc.noarch                              10:svn53671-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-classicthesis.noarch                             10:svn48041-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-classicthesis-doc.noarch                         10:svn48041-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-classpack.noarch                                 10:svn55218-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-classpack-doc.noarch                             10:svn55218-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cleanthesis.noarch                               10:svn51472-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cleanthesis-doc.noarch                           10:svn51472-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-clearsans.noarch                                 10:svn64400-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-clearsans-doc.noarch                             10:svn64400-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-clefval.noarch                                   10:svn55985-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-clefval-doc.noarch                               10:svn55985-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cleveref.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cleveref-doc.noarch                              10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-clicks.noarch                                    10:svn64602-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-clipboard.noarch                                 10:svn47747-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-clipboard-doc.noarch                             10:svn47747-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-clistmap.noarch                                  10:svn61811-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-clock.noarch                                     10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-clock-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-clojure-pamphlet.noarch                          10:svn60981-14.an23                 os      
texlive-cloze.noarch                                     10:svn55763-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cloze-doc.noarch                                 10:svn55763-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-clrdblpg.noarch                                  10:svn47511-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-clrscode.noarch                                  10:svn51136-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-clrscode-doc.noarch                              10:svn51136-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-clrscode3e.noarch                                10:svn51137-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-clrscode3e-doc.noarch                            10:svn51137-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-clrstrip.noarch                                  10:svn60363-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cluttex.noarch                                   10:svn60964-14.an23                 os      
texlive-cm.noarch                                        10:svn57963-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cm-doc.noarch                                    10:svn57963-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cm-lgc.noarch                                    10:svn28250.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cm-lgc-doc.noarch                                10:svn28250.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cm-mf-extra-bold.noarch                          10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cm-super.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cm-super-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cm-unicode.noarch                                10:svn58661-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cm-unicode-doc.noarch                            10:svn58661-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cmap.noarch                                      10:svn57640-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cmap-doc.noarch                                  10:svn57640-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cmarrows.noarch                                  10:svn24378.v0.9-3.an23             updates 
texlive-cmarrows-doc.noarch                              10:svn24378.v0.9-3.an23             updates 
texlive-cmathbb.noarch                                   10:svn56414-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cmbright.noarch                                  10:svn21107.8.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cmbright-doc.noarch                              10:svn21107.8.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cmcyr.noarch                                     10:svn60630-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cmcyr-doc.noarch                                 10:svn60630-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cmdstring.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cmdstring-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cmdtrack.noarch                                  10:svn28910-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cmdtrack-doc.noarch                              10:svn28910-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cmexb.noarch                                     10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cmexb-doc.noarch                                 10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cmextra.noarch                                   10:svn57866-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cmll.noarch                                      10:svn17964.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cmll-doc.noarch                                  10:svn17964.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cmpica.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cmpica-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cmpj.noarch                                      10:svn58506-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cmpj-doc.noarch                                  10:svn58506-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cmsd.noarch                                      10:svn18787.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cmsd-doc.noarch                                  10:svn18787.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cmsrb.noarch                                     10:svn54706-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cmtiup.noarch                                    10:svn39728-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cmtiup-doc.noarch                                10:svn39728-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cmupint.noarch                                   10:svn54735-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cnbwp.noarch                                     10:svn32550.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cnbwp-doc.noarch                                 10:svn32550.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cnltx.noarch                                     10:svn55265-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cnltx-doc.noarch                                 10:svn55265-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cns.noarch                                       10:svn45677-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cns-doc.noarch                                   10:svn45677-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cntformats.noarch                                10:svn34668.0.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cntformats-doc.noarch                            10:svn34668.0.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cntperchap.noarch                                10:svn37572.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cntperchap-doc.noarch                            10:svn37572.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cochineal.noarch                                 10:svn62063-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cochineal-doc.noarch                             10:svn62063-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-codeanatomy.noarch                               10:svn51627-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-codebox.noarch                                   10:svn61771-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-codedoc.noarch                                   10:svn17630.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-codedoc-doc.noarch                               10:svn17630.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-codehigh.noarch                                  10:svn63175-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-codepage.noarch                                  10:svn51502-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-codepage-doc.noarch                              10:svn51502-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-codesection.noarch                               10:svn34481.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-codesection-doc.noarch                           10:svn34481.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-codicefiscaleitaliano.noarch                     10:svn29803.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-codicefiscaleitaliano-doc.noarch                 10:svn29803.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-coelacanth.noarch                                10:svn64558-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-coffeestains.noarch                              10:svn59703-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collcell.noarch                                  10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collcell-doc.noarch                              10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collectbox.noarch                                10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collectbox-doc.noarch                            10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-basic.noarch                          10:svn59159-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-bibtexextra.noarch                    10:svn65204-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-binextra.noarch                       10:svn65204-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-context.noarch                        10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-fontsextra.noarch                     10:svn64952-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-fontsrecommended.noarch               10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-fontutils.noarch                      10:svn61207-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-formatsextra.noarch                   10:svn62226-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-games.noarch                          10:svn64827-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-humanities.noarch                     10:svn65216-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-langarabic.noarch                     10:svn59594-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-langchinese.noarch                    10:svn63995-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-langcjk.noarch                        10:svn61912-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-langcyrillic.noarch                   10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-langczechslovak.noarch                10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-langenglish.noarch                    10:svn63184-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-langeuropean.noarch                   10:svn64723-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-langfrench.noarch                     10:svn63147-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-langgerman.noarch                     10:svn55706-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-langgreek.noarch                      10:svn65038-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-langitalian.noarch                    10:svn55129-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-langjapanese.noarch                   10:svn64603-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-langkorean.noarch                     10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-langother.noarch                      10:svn59564-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-langpolish.noarch                     10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-langportuguese.noarch                 10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-langspanish.noarch                    10:svn54141-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-latex.noarch                          10:svn63515-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-latexextra.noarch                     10:svn65353-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-latexrecommended.noarch               10:svn63547-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-luatex.noarch                         10:svn65354-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-mathscience.noarch                    10:svn65312-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-metapost.noarch                       10:svn64878-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-music.noarch                          10:svn64966-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-pictures.noarch                       10:svn65359-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-plaingeneric.noarch                   10:svn65277-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-pstricks.noarch                       10:svn65367-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-publishers.noarch                     10:svn65221-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-texworks.noarch                       10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collection-xetex.noarch                          10:svn64951-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collref.noarch                                   10:svn46358-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-collref-doc.noarch                               10:svn46358-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-colophon.noarch                                  10:svn47913-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-color-edits.noarch                               10:svn56707-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-colordoc.noarch                                  10:svn18270.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-colordoc-doc.noarch                              10:svn18270.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-colorframed.noarch                               10:svn64551-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-colorinfo.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0.3c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-colorinfo-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.0.3c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-coloring.noarch                                  10:svn41042-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-coloring-doc.noarch                              10:svn41042-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-colorist.noarch                                  10:svn64280-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-colorprofiles.noarch                             10:svn49086-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-colorsep.noarch                                  10:svn13293.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-colorspace.noarch                                10:svn50585-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-colorspace-doc.noarch                            10:svn50585-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-colortab.noarch                                  10:svn22155.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-colortab-doc.noarch                              10:svn22155.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-colortbl.noarch                                  10:svn64015-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-colortbl-doc.noarch                              10:svn64015-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-colorwav.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-colorwav-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-colorweb.noarch                                  10:svn31490.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-colorweb-doc.noarch                              10:svn31490.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-colourchange.noarch                              10:svn21741.1.22-3.an23             updates 
texlive-colourchange-doc.noarch                          10:svn21741.1.22-3.an23             updates 
texlive-combelow.noarch                                  10:svn18462.0.99f-3.an23            updates 
texlive-combelow-doc.noarch                              10:svn18462.0.99f-3.an23            updates 
texlive-combine.noarch                                   10:svn19361.0.7a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-combine-doc.noarch                               10:svn19361.0.7a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-combinedgraphics.noarch                          10:svn27198.0.2.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-combinedgraphics-doc.noarch                      10:svn27198.0.2.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-combofont.noarch                                 10:svn51348-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-comfortaa.noarch                                 10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-comfortaa-doc.noarch                             10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-comicneue.noarch                                 10:svn54891-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-comicneue-doc.noarch                             10:svn54891-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-comma.noarch                                     10:svn18259.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-comma-doc.noarch                                 10:svn18259.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-commado.noarch                                   10:svn38875-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-commado-doc.noarch                               10:svn38875-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-commath.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-commath-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-commedit.noarch                                  10:svn50116-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-comment.noarch                                   10:svn41927-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-comment-doc.noarch                               10:svn41927-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-commonunicode.noarch                             10:svn62901-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-commutative-diagrams.noarch                      10:svn55526-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-compactbib.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-compare.noarch                                   10:svn54265-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-competences.noarch                               10:svn47573-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-complexity.noarch                                10:svn45322-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-complexity-doc.noarch                            10:svn45322-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-components-doc.noarch                            10:svn63184-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-comprehensive-doc.noarch                         10:svn59099-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-computational-complexity.noarch                  10:svn44847-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-computational-complexity-doc.noarch              10:svn44847-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-concepts.noarch                                  10:svn29020.0.0.5_r1-3.an23         updates 
texlive-concepts-doc.noarch                              10:svn29020.0.0.5_r1-3.an23         updates 
texlive-concmath.noarch                                  10:svn17219.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-concmath-doc.noarch                              10:svn17219.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-concmath-fonts.noarch                            10:svn17218.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-concmath-fonts-doc.noarch                        10:svn17218.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-concmath-otf.noarch                              10:svn64924-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-concprog.noarch                                  10:svn18791.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-concprog-doc.noarch                              10:svn18791.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-concrete.noarch                                  10:svn57963-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-concrete-doc.noarch                              10:svn57963-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-conditext.noarch                                 10:svn55387-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-confproc.noarch                                  10:svn29349.0.8-3.an23              updates 
texlive-confproc-doc.noarch                              10:svn29349.0.8-3.an23              updates 
texlive-constants.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-constants-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-conteq.noarch                                    10:svn37868.0.1.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-conteq-doc.noarch                                10:svn37868.0.1.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-context.noarch                                   10:svn58167-14.an23                 os      
texlive-context-account.noarch                           10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-account-doc.noarch                       10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-algorithmic.noarch                       10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-animation.noarch                         10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-animation-doc.noarch                     10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-annotation.noarch                        10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-annotation-doc.noarch                    10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-bnf.noarch                               10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-bnf-doc.noarch                           10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-chromato.noarch                          10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-chromato-doc.noarch                      10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-cmscbf.noarch                            10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-cmttbf.noarch                            10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-construction-plan.noarch                 10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-construction-plan-doc.noarch             10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-cyrillicnumbers.noarch                   10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-cyrillicnumbers-doc.noarch               10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-degrade.noarch                           10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-degrade-doc.noarch                       10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-doc.x86_64                               10:svn58167-14.an23                 os      
texlive-context-fancybreak.noarch                        10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-fancybreak-doc.noarch                    10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-filter.noarch                            10:svn62070-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-filter-doc.noarch                        10:svn62070-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-french.noarch                            10:svn54215-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-french-doc.noarch                        10:svn54215-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-fullpage.noarch                          10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-fullpage-doc.noarch                      10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-gantt.noarch                             10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-gantt-doc.noarch                         10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-gnuplot.noarch                           10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-gnuplot-doc.noarch                       10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-handlecsv.noarch                         10:svn51306-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-inifile.noarch                           10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-layout.noarch                            10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-letter.noarch                            10:svn60787-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-letter-doc.noarch                        10:svn60787-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-lettrine.noarch                          10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-lettrine-doc.noarch                      10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-mathsets.noarch                          10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-mathsets-doc.noarch                      10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-notes-zh-cn.noarch                       10:svn23171.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-context-notes-zh-cn-doc.noarch                   10:svn23171.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-context-rst.noarch                               10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-rst-doc.noarch                           10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-ruby.noarch                              10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-ruby-doc.noarch                          10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-simplefonts.noarch                       10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-simplefonts-doc.noarch                   10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-simpleslides.noarch                      10:svn63903-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-simpleslides-doc.noarch                  10:svn63903-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-title.noarch                             10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-title-doc.noarch                         10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-transliterator.noarch                    10:svn61127-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-transliterator-doc.noarch                10:svn61127-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-typearea.noarch                          10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-typearea-doc.noarch                      10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-typescripts.noarch                       10:svn60422-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-typescripts-doc.noarch                   10:svn60422-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-vim.noarch                               10:svn62071-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-vim-doc.noarch                           10:svn62071-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-visualcounter.noarch                     10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-context-visualcounter-doc.noarch                 10:svn47085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-continue.noarch                                  10:svn49449-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-continue-doc.noarch                              10:svn49449-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-contour.noarch                                   10:svn18950.2.14-3.an23             updates 
texlive-contour-doc.noarch                               10:svn18950.2.14-3.an23             updates 
texlive-contracard.noarch                                10:svn50217-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-contracard-doc.noarch                            10:svn50217-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-conv-xkv.noarch                                  10:svn43558-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-convbkmk.noarch                                  10:svn49252-14.an23                 os      
texlive-cooking.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0.9b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-cooking-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.9b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-cooking-units.noarch                             10:svn65241-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cookingsymbols.noarch                            10:svn35929.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cookingsymbols-doc.noarch                        10:svn35929.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cool.noarch                                      10:svn15878.1.35-3.an23             updates 
texlive-cool-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.35-3.an23             updates 
texlive-coolfn.noarch                                    10:svn64639-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-coollist.noarch                                  10:svn63523-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-coollist-doc.noarch                              10:svn63523-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-coolstr.noarch                                   10:svn15878.2.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-coolstr-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.2.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-coolthms.noarch                                  10:svn29062.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-coolthms-doc.noarch                              10:svn29062.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cooltooltips.noarch                              10:svn60201-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cooltooltips-doc.noarch                          10:svn60201-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-coop-writing.noarch                              10:svn61607-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cooperhewitt.noarch                              10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-coordsys.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-coordsys-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-copyedit.noarch                                  10:svn37928.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-copyedit-doc.noarch                              10:svn37928.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-copyrightbox.noarch                              10:svn24829.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-copyrightbox-doc.noarch                          10:svn24829.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cormorantgaramond.noarch                         10:svn64411-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-correctmathalign.noarch                          10:svn44131-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-coseoul.noarch                                   10:svn23862.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-coseoul-doc.noarch                               10:svn23862.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-countriesofeurope.noarch                         10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-countriesofeurope-doc.noarch                     10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-counttexruns.noarch                              10:svn27576.1.00a-3.an23            updates 
texlive-counttexruns-doc.noarch                          10:svn27576.1.00a-3.an23            updates 
texlive-courier.noarch                                   10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-courier-scaled.noarch                            10:svn24940.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-courier-scaled-doc.noarch                        10:svn24940.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-courierten.noarch                                10:svn55436-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-courseoutline.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-courseoutline-doc.noarch                         10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-coursepaper.noarch                               10:svn15878.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-coursepaper-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-coverpage.noarch                                 10:svn63509-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-coverpage-doc.noarch                             10:svn63509-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-covington.noarch                                 10:svn64241-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-covington-doc.noarch                             10:svn64241-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cprotect.noarch                                  10:svn21209.1.0e-3.an23             updates 
texlive-cprotect-doc.noarch                              10:svn21209.1.0e-3.an23             updates 
texlive-cprotectinside.noarch                            10:svn63833-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cqubeamer.noarch                                 10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cquthesis.noarch                                 10:svn55643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cquthesis-doc.noarch                             10:svn55643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-crbox.noarch                                     10:svn29803.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-crbox-doc.noarch                                 10:svn29803.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-create-theorem.noarch                            10:svn64104-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-crefthe.noarch                                   10:svn64498-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-crimson.noarch                                   10:svn64559-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-crimson-doc.noarch                               10:svn64559-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-crimsonpro.noarch                                10:svn64565-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-crop.noarch                                      10:svn55424-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-crop-doc.noarch                                  10:svn55424-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-crossrefenum.noarch                              10:svn65016-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-crossreference.noarch                            10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-crossreference-doc.noarch                        10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-crossreftools.noarch                             10:svn55879-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-crossrefware.noarch                              10:svn64754-14.an23                 os      
texlive-crossword.noarch                                 10:svn64375-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-crossword-doc.noarch                             10:svn64375-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-crosswrd.noarch                                  10:svn16896.3.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-crosswrd-doc.noarch                              10:svn16896.3.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-crumbs.noarch                                    10:svn64602-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cryptocode.noarch                                10:svn60249-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cryptocode-doc.noarch                            10:svn60249-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cryst.noarch                                     10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cryst-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cs.noarch                                        10:svn41553-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-csassignments.noarch                             10:svn63992-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-csbulletin.noarch                                10:svn65250-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-csbulletin-doc.noarch                            10:svn65250-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cslatex.noarch                                   10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-csplain.noarch                                   10:svn62771-14.an23                 os      
texlive-csquotes.noarch                                  10:svn64389-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-csquotes-de-doc.noarch                           10:svn23371.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-csquotes-doc.noarch                              10:svn64389-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-css-colors.noarch                                10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cstex-doc.noarch                                 10:svn64149-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cstypo.noarch                                    10:svn41986-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-csvmerge.noarch                                  10:svn51857-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-csvsimple.noarch                                 10:svn64450-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-csvsimple-doc.noarch                             10:svn64450-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ctable.noarch                                    10:svn38672-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ctable-doc.noarch                                10:svn38672-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ctablestack.noarch                               10:svn38514-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ctablestack-doc.noarch                           10:svn38514-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ctan-o-mat.noarch                                10:svn51578-14.an23                 os      
texlive-ctan_chk-doc.noarch                              10:svn36304.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ctanbib.noarch                                   10:svn59782-14.an23                 os      
texlive-ctanify.noarch                                   10:svn44129-14.an23                 os      
texlive-ctanupload.noarch                                10:svn26313-14.an23                 os      
texlive-ctex.noarch                                      10:svn63891-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ctex-doc.noarch                                  10:svn63891-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ctex-faq-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ctib.noarch                                      10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ctib-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ctie.x86_64                                      10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-cuisine.noarch                                   10:svn34453.0.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cuisine-doc.noarch                               10:svn34453.0.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cuprum.noarch                                    10:svn49909-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-currency.noarch                                  10:svn48990-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-currfile.noarch                                  10:svn64673-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-currfile-doc.noarch                              10:svn64673-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-currvita.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-currvita-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cursolatex-doc.noarch                            10:svn24139.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-curve.noarch                                     10:svn20745.1.16-3.an23             updates 
texlive-curve-doc.noarch                                 10:svn20745.1.16-3.an23             updates 
texlive-curve2e.noarch                                   10:svn57402-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-curve2e-doc.noarch                               10:svn57402-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-curves.noarch                                    10:svn45255-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-curves-doc.noarch                                10:svn45255-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-custom-bib.noarch                                10:svn24729.4.33-3.an23             updates 
texlive-custom-bib-doc.noarch                            10:svn24729.4.33-3.an23             updates 
texlive-customdice.noarch                                10:svn64089-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cutwin.noarch                                    10:svn60901-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cutwin-doc.noarch                                10:svn60901-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cv.noarch                                        10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cv-doc.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cv4tw.noarch                                     10:svn34577.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cv4tw-doc.noarch                                 10:svn34577.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cvss.noarch                                      10:svn65169-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cweb.x86_64                                      10:svn63787-14.an23                 os      
texlive-cweb-latex.noarch                                10:svn28878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cweb-latex-doc.noarch                            10:svn28878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-cweb-old.noarch                                  10:svn49271-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cyber.noarch                                     10:svn46776-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cyber-doc.noarch                                 10:svn46776-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-cybercic.noarch                                  10:svn37659.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cybercic-doc.noarch                              10:svn37659.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-cyklop.noarch                                    10:svn18651.0.915-3.an23            updates 
texlive-cyklop-doc.noarch                                10:svn18651.0.915-3.an23            updates 
texlive-cyrillic.noarch                                  10:svn63613-14.an23                 os      
texlive-cyrplain.noarch                                  10:svn45692-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dad.noarch                                       10:svn54191-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dad-doc.noarch                                   10:svn54191-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dancers.noarch                                   10:svn13293.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-dantelogo.noarch                                 10:svn38599-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dantelogo-doc.noarch                             10:svn38599-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-darkmode.noarch                                  10:svn64271-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dashbox.noarch                                   10:svn23425.1.14-3.an23             updates 
texlive-dashbox-doc.noarch                               10:svn23425.1.14-3.an23             updates 
texlive-dashrule.noarch                                  10:svn29579.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dashrule-doc.noarch                              10:svn29579.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dashundergaps.noarch                             10:svn58150-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dashundergaps-doc.noarch                         10:svn58150-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dataref.noarch                                   10:svn62942-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dataref-doc.noarch                               10:svn62942-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datatool.noarch                                  10:svn52663-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datatool-doc.noarch                              10:svn52663-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datax.noarch                                     10:svn61772-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dateiliste.noarch                                10:svn27974.0.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dateiliste-doc.noarch                            10:svn27974.0.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-datenumber.noarch                                10:svn61761-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datenumber-doc.noarch                            10:svn61761-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datestamp.noarch                                 10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime.noarch                                  10:svn36650.2.60-3.an23             updates 
texlive-datetime-doc.noarch                              10:svn36650.2.60-3.an23             updates 
texlive-datetime2.noarch                                 10:svn63102-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-bahasai.noarch                         10:svn46287-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-bahasai-doc.noarch                     10:svn46287-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-basque.noarch                          10:svn47064-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-basque-doc.noarch                      10:svn47064-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-breton.noarch                          10:svn52647-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-breton-doc.noarch                      10:svn52647-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-bulgarian.noarch                       10:svn47031-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-bulgarian-doc.noarch                   10:svn47031-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-catalan.noarch                         10:svn47032-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-catalan-doc.noarch                     10:svn47032-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-croatian.noarch                        10:svn36682.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-datetime2-croatian-doc.noarch                    10:svn36682.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-datetime2-czech.noarch                           10:svn47033-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-czech-doc.noarch                       10:svn47033-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-danish.noarch                          10:svn47034-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-danish-doc.noarch                      10:svn47034-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-doc.noarch                             10:svn63102-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-dutch.noarch                           10:svn47355-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-dutch-doc.noarch                       10:svn47355-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-en-fulltext.noarch                     10:svn36705.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-datetime2-en-fulltext-doc.noarch                 10:svn36705.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-datetime2-english.noarch                         10:svn52479-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-english-doc.noarch                     10:svn52479-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-esperanto.noarch                       10:svn47356-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-esperanto-doc.noarch                   10:svn47356-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-estonian.noarch                        10:svn47565-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-estonian-doc.noarch                    10:svn47565-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-finnish.noarch                         10:svn47047-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-finnish-doc.noarch                     10:svn47047-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-french.noarch                          10:svn56393-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-french-doc.noarch                      10:svn56393-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-galician.noarch                        10:svn47631-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-galician-doc.noarch                    10:svn47631-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-german.noarch                          10:svn53125-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-german-doc.noarch                      10:svn53125-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-greek.noarch                           10:svn47533-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-greek-doc.noarch                       10:svn47533-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-hebrew.noarch                          10:svn47534-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-hebrew-doc.noarch                      10:svn47534-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-icelandic.noarch                       10:svn65213-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-icelandic-doc.noarch                   10:svn65213-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-irish.noarch                           10:svn47632-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-irish-doc.noarch                       10:svn47632-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-it-fulltext.noarch                     10:svn54779-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-it-fulltext-doc.noarch                 10:svn54779-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-italian.noarch                         10:svn37146.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-datetime2-italian-doc.noarch                     10:svn37146.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-datetime2-latin.noarch                           10:svn47748-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-latin-doc.noarch                       10:svn47748-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-lsorbian.noarch                        10:svn47749-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-lsorbian-doc.noarch                    10:svn47749-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-magyar.noarch                          10:svn48266-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-magyar-doc.noarch                      10:svn48266-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-norsk.noarch                           10:svn48267-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-norsk-doc.noarch                       10:svn48267-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-polish.noarch                          10:svn48456-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-polish-doc.noarch                      10:svn48456-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-portuges.noarch                        10:svn48457-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-portuges-doc.noarch                    10:svn48457-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-romanian.noarch                        10:svn56394-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-romanian-doc.noarch                    10:svn56394-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-russian.noarch                         10:svn49345-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-russian-doc.noarch                     10:svn49345-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-samin.noarch                           10:svn49346-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-samin-doc.noarch                       10:svn49346-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-scottish.noarch                        10:svn52101-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-scottish-doc.noarch                    10:svn52101-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-serbian.noarch                         10:svn52893-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-serbian-doc.noarch                     10:svn52893-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-slovak.noarch                          10:svn52281-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-slovak-doc.noarch                      10:svn52281-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-slovene.noarch                         10:svn52282-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-slovene-doc.noarch                     10:svn52282-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-spanish.noarch                         10:svn45785-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-spanish-doc.noarch                     10:svn45785-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-swedish.noarch                         10:svn36700.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-datetime2-swedish-doc.noarch                     10:svn36700.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-datetime2-turkish.noarch                         10:svn52331-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-turkish-doc.noarch                     10:svn52331-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-ukrainian.noarch                       10:svn47552-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-ukrainian-doc.noarch                   10:svn47552-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-usorbian.noarch                        10:svn52375-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-usorbian-doc.noarch                    10:svn52375-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-welsh.noarch                           10:svn52553-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-datetime2-welsh-doc.noarch                       10:svn52553-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dblfloatfix.noarch                               10:svn28983.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-dblfloatfix-doc.noarch                           10:svn28983.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-dbshow.noarch                                    10:svn61634-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dccpaper.noarch                                  10:svn61763-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dccpaper-doc.noarch                              10:svn61763-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dcpic.noarch                                     10:svn30206.5.0.0-3.an23            updates 
texlive-dcpic-doc.noarch                                 10:svn30206.5.0.0-3.an23            updates 
texlive-ddphonism.noarch                                 10:svn52009-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-de-macro.noarch                                  10:svn61719-14.an23                 os      
texlive-debate.noarch                                    10:svn64846-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-decimal.noarch                                   10:svn23374.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-decimal-doc.noarch                               10:svn23374.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-decision-table.noarch                            10:svn60673-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-decorule.noarch                                  10:svn55230-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-decorule-doc.noarch                              10:svn55230-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dehyph.noarch                                    10:svn48599-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dehyph-exptl.noarch                              10:svn62734-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dehyph-exptl-doc.noarch                          10:svn62734-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dejavu.noarch                                    10:svn31771.2.34-3.an23             updates 
texlive-dejavu-doc.noarch                                10:svn31771.2.34-3.an23             updates 
texlive-dejavu-otf.noarch                                10:svn45991-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-delim.noarch                                     10:svn23974.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-delim-doc.noarch                                 10:svn23974.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-delimseasy.noarch                                10:svn39589-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-delimseasy-doc.noarch                            10:svn39589-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-delimset.noarch                                  10:svn49544-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-delimtxt.noarch                                  10:svn16549.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-delimtxt-doc.noarch                              10:svn16549.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-democodetools.noarch                             10:svn64314-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-denisbdoc.noarch                                 10:svn63589-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-denisbdoc-doc.noarch                             10:svn63589-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-derivative.noarch                                10:svn63850-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-detex.x86_64                                     10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-dhua.noarch                                      10:svn24035.0.11-3.an23             updates 
texlive-dhua-doc.noarch                                  10:svn24035.0.11-3.an23             updates 
texlive-diabetes-logbook.noarch                          10:svn54810-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-diadia.noarch                                    10:svn37656-14.an23                 os      
texlive-diagbox.noarch                                   10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-diagbox-doc.noarch                               10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-diagmac2.noarch                                  10:svn15878.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-diagmac2-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-diagnose.noarch                                  10:svn19387.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-diagnose-doc.noarch                              10:svn19387.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dialogl.noarch                                   10:svn28946.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-dialogl-doc.noarch                               10:svn28946.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-dice.noarch                                      10:svn28501.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-dice-doc.noarch                                  10:svn28501.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-dichokey.noarch                                  10:svn17192.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-dichokey-doc.noarch                              10:svn17192.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-dickimaw-doc.noarch                              10:svn32925.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-dictsym.noarch                                   10:svn20031.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-dictsym-doc.noarch                               10:svn20031.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-diffcoeff.noarch                                 10:svn63590-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-digestif.noarch                                  10:svn65223-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-digiconfigs.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-digiconfigs-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dijkstra.noarch                                  10:svn64580-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dimnum.noarch                                    10:svn58774-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-din1505.noarch                                   10:svn19441.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-din1505-doc.noarch                               10:svn19441.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-dinat.noarch                                     10:svn15878.2.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dinat-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.2.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dinbrief.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-dinbrief-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-dingbat.noarch                                   10:svn27918.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dingbat-doc.noarch                               10:svn27918.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-directory.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.20-3.an23             updates 
texlive-directory-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.20-3.an23             updates 
texlive-dirtree.noarch                                   10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dirtree-doc.noarch                               10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dirtytalk.noarch                                 10:svn20520.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dirtytalk-doc.noarch                             10:svn20520.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-disser.noarch                                    10:svn43417-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-disser-doc.noarch                                10:svn43417-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ditaa.noarch                                     10:svn48932-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dithesis.noarch                                  10:svn34295.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dithesis-doc.noarch                              10:svn34295.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dk-bib.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dk-bib-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dlfltxb.noarch                                   10:svn17337.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-dlfltxb-doc.noarch                               10:svn17337.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-dnaseq.noarch                                    10:svn17194.0.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-dnaseq-doc.noarch                                10:svn17194.0.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-dnp.noarch                                       10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-doc-pictex-doc.noarch                            10:svn24927.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-docbytex.noarch                                  10:svn34294.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-docbytex-doc.noarch                              10:svn34294.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-doclicense.noarch                                10:svn63340-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-doclicense-doc.noarch                            10:svn63340-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-docmfp.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.2d-3.an23             updates 
texlive-docmfp-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.2d-3.an23             updates 
texlive-docmute.noarch                                   10:svn25741.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-docmute-doc.noarch                               10:svn25741.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-docshots.noarch                                  10:svn65141-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-docsurvey-doc.noarch                             10:svn61447-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-doctools.noarch                                  10:svn34474.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-doctools-doc.noarch                              10:svn34474.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-documentation.noarch                             10:svn34521.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-documentation-doc.noarch                         10:svn34521.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-docutils.noarch                                  10:svn56594-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-doi.noarch                                       10:svn48634-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-doi-doc.noarch                                   10:svn48634-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-doipubmed.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-doipubmed-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-domitian.noarch                                  10:svn55286-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dosepsbin.noarch                                 10:svn29752-14.an23                 os      
texlive-dot2texi.noarch                                  10:svn26237.3.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dot2texi-doc.noarch                              10:svn26237.3.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dotarrow.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.01a-3.an23            updates 
texlive-dotarrow-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.01a-3.an23            updates 
texlive-dotlessi.noarch                                  10:svn51476-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dotseqn.noarch                                   10:svn17195.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dotseqn-doc.noarch                               10:svn17195.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dottex.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dottex-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-doublestroke.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.111-3.an23            updates 
texlive-doublestroke-doc.noarch                          10:svn15878.1.111-3.an23            updates 
texlive-doulossil.noarch                                 10:svn63255-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dowith.noarch                                    10:svn38860-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dowith-doc.noarch                                10:svn38860-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-download.noarch                                  10:svn52257-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-download-doc.noarch                              10:svn52257-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dox.noarch                                       10:svn46011-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dox-doc.noarch                                   10:svn46011-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dozenal.noarch                                   10:svn47680-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dozenal-doc.noarch                               10:svn47680-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dpcircling.noarch                                10:svn54994-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dpfloat.noarch                                   10:svn17196.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-dpfloat-doc.noarch                               10:svn17196.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-dprogress.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dprogress-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-drac.noarch                                      10:svn15878.1-3.an23                updates 
texlive-drac-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1-3.an23                updates 
texlive-draftcopy.noarch                                 10:svn15878.2.16-3.an23             updates 
texlive-draftcopy-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.2.16-3.an23             updates 
texlive-draftfigure.noarch                               10:svn44854-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-draftwatermark.noarch                            10:svn57099-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-draftwatermark-doc.noarch                        10:svn57099-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dramatist.noarch                                 10:svn35866.1.2e-3.an23             updates 
texlive-dramatist-doc.noarch                             10:svn35866.1.2e-3.an23             updates 
texlive-dratex.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-dratex-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-drawmatrix.noarch                                10:svn44471-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-drawmatrix-doc.noarch                            10:svn44471-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-drawstack.noarch                                 10:svn28582.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-drawstack-doc.noarch                             10:svn28582.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-drm.noarch                                       10:svn38157.4.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-drm-doc.noarch                                   10:svn38157.4.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-droid.noarch                                     10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-droid-doc.noarch                                 10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-droit-fr.noarch                                  10:svn39802-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-droit-fr-doc.noarch                              10:svn39802-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-drs.noarch                                       10:svn19232.1.1b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-drs-doc.noarch                                   10:svn19232.1.1b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-drv.noarch                                       10:svn29349.0.97-3.an23             updates 
texlive-drv-doc.noarch                                   10:svn29349.0.97-3.an23             updates 
texlive-dsptricks.noarch                                 10:svn34724.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dsptricks-doc.noarch                             10:svn34724.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dsserif.noarch                                   10:svn60898-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dtk.noarch                                       10:svn65315-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dtk-doc.noarch                                   10:svn65315-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dtl.x86_64                                       10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-dtxdescribe.noarch                               10:svn65223-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dtxgallery-doc.noarch                            10:svn49504-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dtxgen.noarch                                    10:svn51663-14.an23                 os      
texlive-dtxtut-doc.noarch                                10:svn38375.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ducksay.noarch                                   10:svn64655-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-duckuments.noarch                                10:svn52271-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-duerer.noarch                                    10:svn20741.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-duerer-doc.noarch                                10:svn20741.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-duerer-latex.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-duerer-latex-doc.noarch                          10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-duotenzor.noarch                                 10:svn18728.1.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-duotenzor-doc.noarch                             10:svn18728.1.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-dutchcal.noarch                                  10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dutchcal-doc.noarch                              10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dvdcoll.noarch                                   10:svn15878.v1.1a-3.an23            updates 
texlive-dvdcoll-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.v1.1a-3.an23            updates 
texlive-dvgloss.noarch                                   10:svn29103.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dvgloss-doc.noarch                               10:svn29103.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dvi2tty.x86_64                                   10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-dviasm.noarch                                    10:svn64430-14.an23                 os      
texlive-dvicopy.x86_64                                   10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-dvidvi.x86_64                                    10:svn52851-14.an23                 os      
texlive-dviincl.noarch                                   10:svn29349.1.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-dviincl-doc.noarch                               10:svn29349.1.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-dviinfox.noarch                                  10:svn59216-14.an23                 os      
texlive-dviljk.x86_64                                    10:svn52851-14.an23                 os      
texlive-dviout-util.x86_64                               10:svn52851-14.an23                 os      
texlive-dvipdfmx.x86_64                                  10:svn61101-14.an23                 os      
texlive-dvipng.x86_64                                    10:svn62517-14.an23                 os      
texlive-dvipos.x86_64                                    10:svn52851-14.an23                 os      
texlive-dvips.x86_64                                     10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-dvipsconfig.noarch                               10:svn13293.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dvisvgm.x86_64                                   10:svn64182.3.0.1-14.an23           os      
texlive-dynamicnumber.noarch                             10:svn38726-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dynamicnumber-doc.noarch                         10:svn38726-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dynblocks.noarch                                 10:svn35193.0.2b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-dynblocks-doc.noarch                             10:svn35193.0.2b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-dynkin-diagrams.noarch                           10:svn58758-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-dyntree.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-dyntree-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-e-french.noarch                                  10:svn52027-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-e-french-doc.noarch                              10:svn52027-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ean.noarch                                       10:svn20851.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ean-doc.noarch                                   10:svn20851.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ean13isbn.noarch                                 10:svn57514-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ean13isbn-doc.noarch                             10:svn57514-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-easing.noarch                                    10:svn59975-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-easy.noarch                                      10:svn19440.0.99-3.an23             updates 
texlive-easy-doc.noarch                                  10:svn19440.0.99-3.an23             updates 
texlive-easy-todo.noarch                                 10:svn32677.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-easy-todo-doc.noarch                             10:svn32677.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-easybook.noarch                                  10:svn64976-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-easyfig.noarch                                   10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-easyfig-doc.noarch                               10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-easyfloats.noarch                                10:svn57204-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-easyformat.noarch                                10:svn44543-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-easylist.noarch                                  10:svn32661.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-easylist-doc.noarch                              10:svn32661.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-easyreview.noarch                                10:svn38352.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-easyreview-doc.noarch                            10:svn38352.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ebezier.noarch                                   10:svn15878.4-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ebezier-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.4-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ebgaramond.noarch                                10:svn64343-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ebgaramond-doc.noarch                            10:svn64343-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ebgaramond-maths.noarch                          10:svn52168-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ebgaramond-maths-doc.noarch                      10:svn52168-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ebong.noarch                                     10:svn55475-14.an23                 os      
texlive-ebook.noarch                                     10:svn29466.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ebook-doc.noarch                                 10:svn29466.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ebproof.noarch                                   10:svn57544-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ebproof-doc.noarch                               10:svn57544-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ebsthesis.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ebsthesis-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ec.noarch                                        10:svn25033.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ec-doc.noarch                                    10:svn25033.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ecc.noarch                                       10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ecc-doc.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ecclesiastic.noarch                              10:svn38172.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ecclesiastic-doc.noarch                          10:svn38172.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ecgdraw.noarch                                   10:svn41617-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ecltree.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ecltree-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-eco.noarch                                       10:svn29349.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-eco-doc.noarch                                   10:svn29349.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ecobiblatex.noarch                               10:svn39233-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ecobiblatex-doc.noarch                           10:svn39233-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-econ-bst.noarch                                  10:svn61499-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-econlipsum.noarch                                10:svn58390-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-econometrics.noarch                              10:svn39396-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-econometrics-doc.noarch                          10:svn39396-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-economic.noarch                                  10:svn32639.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-economic-doc.noarch                              10:svn32639.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ecothesis.noarch                                 10:svn48007-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ecv.noarch                                       10:svn24928.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ecv-doc.noarch                                   10:svn24928.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-eczar.noarch                                     10:svn57716-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ed.noarch                                        10:svn25231.1.8-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ed-doc.noarch                                    10:svn25231.1.8-3.an23              updates 
texlive-edfnotes.noarch                                  10:svn21540.0.6b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-edfnotes-doc.noarch                              10:svn21540.0.6b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-edichokey.noarch                                 10:svn56223-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-edmac.noarch                                     10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-edmac-doc.noarch                                 10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-edmargin.noarch                                  10:svn27599.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-edmargin-doc.noarch                              10:svn27599.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-eemeir.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.1b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-eemeir-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.1b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-eepic.noarch                                     10:svn15878.1.1e-3.an23             updates 
texlive-eepic-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.1e-3.an23             updates 
texlive-efbox.noarch                                     10:svn33236.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-efbox-doc.noarch                                 10:svn33236.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-egameps.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-egameps-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-egplot.noarch                                    10:svn20617.1.02a-3.an23            updates 
texlive-egplot-doc.noarch                                10:svn20617.1.02a-3.an23            updates 
texlive-ehhline.noarch                                   10:svn54676-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-eiad.noarch                                      10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-eiad-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-eiad-ltx.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-eiad-ltx-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-eijkhout.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-einfart.noarch                                   10:svn64280-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ejpecp.noarch                                    10:svn60950-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ejpecp-doc.noarch                                10:svn60950-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ekaia.noarch                                     10:svn49594-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ekaia-doc.noarch                                 10:svn49594-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ekdosis.noarch                                   10:svn61113-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ektype-tanka.noarch                              10:svn63255-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-elbioimp.noarch                                  10:svn21758.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-elbioimp-doc.noarch                              10:svn21758.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-electrum.noarch                                  10:svn19705.1.005_b-3.an23          updates 
texlive-electrum-doc.noarch                              10:svn19705.1.005_b-3.an23          updates 
texlive-eledform.noarch                                  10:svn38114.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-eledform-doc.noarch                              10:svn38114.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-eledmac.noarch                                   10:svn45418-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-eledmac-doc.noarch                               10:svn45418-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-elegantbook.noarch                               10:svn64122-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-elegantnote.noarch                               10:svn62989-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-elegantpaper.noarch                              10:svn62989-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-elements.noarch                                  10:svn61792-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-elements-doc.noarch                              10:svn61792-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ellipse.noarch                                   10:svn39025-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ellipse-doc.noarch                               10:svn39025-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ellipsis.noarch                                  10:svn55418-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ellipsis-doc.noarch                              10:svn55418-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-elmath.noarch                                    10:svn15878.v1.2-3.an23             updates 
texlive-elmath-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.v1.2-3.an23             updates 
texlive-elocalloc.noarch                                 10:svn42712-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-elocalloc-doc.noarch                             10:svn42712-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-elpres.noarch                                    10:svn60209-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-elpres-doc.noarch                                10:svn60209-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-els-cas-templates.noarch                         10:svn62931-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-elsarticle.noarch                                10:svn56999-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-elsarticle-doc.noarch                            10:svn56999-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-elteikthesis.noarch                              10:svn63186-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-elteikthesis-doc.noarch                          10:svn63186-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-eltex.noarch                                     10:svn15878.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-eltex-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-elvish.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-elvish-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-elzcards.noarch                                  10:svn51894-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-elzcards-doc.noarch                              10:svn51894-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-emarks.noarch                                    10:svn24504.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-emarks-doc.noarch                                10:svn24504.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-embedall.noarch                                  10:svn51177-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-embedall-doc.noarch                              10:svn51177-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-embedfile.noarch                                 10:svn54865-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-embrac.noarch                                    10:svn57814-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-embrac-doc.noarch                                10:svn57814-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-emf.noarch                                       10:svn42023-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-emisa.noarch                                     10:svn60068-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-emisa-doc.noarch                                 10:svn60068-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-emoji.noarch                                     10:svn59961-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-emojicite.noarch                                 10:svn55131-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-emp.noarch                                       10:svn23483.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-emp-doc.noarch                                   10:svn23483.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-emptypage.noarch                                 10:svn18064.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-emptypage-doc.noarch                             10:svn18064.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-emulateapj.noarch                                10:svn28469.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-emulateapj-doc.noarch                            10:svn28469.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-enctex.noarch                                    10:svn34957.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-enctex-doc.noarch                                10:svn34957.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-encxvlna.noarch                                  10:svn34087.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-encxvlna-doc.noarch                              10:svn34087.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-endfloat.noarch                                  10:svn57090-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-endfloat-doc.noarch                              10:svn57090-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-endheads.noarch                                  10:svn43750-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-endheads-doc.noarch                              10:svn43750-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-endiagram.noarch                                 10:svn34486.0.1d-3.an23             updates 
texlive-endiagram-doc.noarch                             10:svn34486.0.1d-3.an23             updates 
texlive-endnotes.noarch                                  10:svn53319-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-endnotes-doc.noarch                              10:svn53319-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-endnotes-hy.noarch                               10:svn54758-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-endnotesj.noarch                                 10:svn47703-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-endofproofwd.noarch                              10:svn55643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-engpron.noarch                                   10:svn16558.2-3.an23                updates 
texlive-engpron-doc.noarch                               10:svn16558.2-3.an23                updates 
texlive-engrec.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-engrec-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-engtlc.noarch                                    10:svn28571.3.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-engtlc-doc.noarch                                10:svn28571.3.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-enigma.noarch                                    10:svn29802.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-enigma-doc.noarch                                10:svn29802.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-enotez.noarch                                    10:svn61490-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-enotez-doc.noarch                                10:svn61490-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-enumitem.noarch                                  10:svn51423-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-enumitem-doc.noarch                              10:svn51423-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-enumitem-zref.noarch                             10:svn21472.1.8-3.an23              updates 
texlive-enumitem-zref-doc.noarch                         10:svn21472.1.8-3.an23              updates 
texlive-envbig.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-envbig-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-environ.noarch                                   10:svn56615-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-environ-doc.noarch                               10:svn56615-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-envlab.noarch                                    10:svn61937-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-envlab-doc.noarch                                10:svn61937-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-eolang.noarch                                    10:svn65289-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-epigrafica.noarch                                10:svn17210.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-epigrafica-doc.noarch                            10:svn17210.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-epigram.noarch                                   10:svn20513.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-epigraph.noarch                                  10:svn54857-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-epigraph-doc.noarch                              10:svn54857-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-epigraph-keys.noarch                             10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-epiolmec.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-epiolmec-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-eplain.noarch                                    10:svn64721-14.an23                 os      
texlive-epsdice.noarch                                   10:svn15878.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-epsdice-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-epsf.noarch                                      10:svn21461.2.7.4-3.an23            updates 
texlive-epsf-doc.noarch                                  10:svn21461.2.7.4-3.an23            updates 
texlive-epsf-dvipdfmx.noarch                             10:svn35575.2014-3.an23             updates 
texlive-epsf-dvipdfmx-doc.noarch                         10:svn35575.2014-3.an23             updates 
texlive-epsincl.noarch                                   10:svn29349.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-epsincl-doc.noarch                               10:svn29349.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-epslatex-fr-doc.noarch                           10:svn19440.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-epspdf.noarch                                    10:svn53472-14.an23                 os      
texlive-epspdfconversion.noarch                          10:svn18703.0.61-3.an23             updates 
texlive-epspdfconversion-doc.noarch                      10:svn18703.0.61-3.an23             updates 
texlive-epstopdf.noarch                                  10:svn64439-14.an23                 os      
texlive-epstopdf-pkg.noarch                              10:svn53546-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-eq-pin2corr.noarch                               10:svn59477-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-eqell.noarch                                     10:svn22931.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-eqell-doc.noarch                                 10:svn22931.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-eqexpl.noarch                                    10:svn63629-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-eqlist.noarch                                    10:svn32257.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-eqlist-doc.noarch                                10:svn32257.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-eqnalign.noarch                                  10:svn43278-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-eqname.noarch                                    10:svn20678.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-eqnarray.noarch                                  10:svn20641.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-eqnarray-doc.noarch                              10:svn20641.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-eqnnumwarn.noarch                                10:svn45511-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-eqparbox.noarch                                  10:svn45215-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-eqparbox-doc.noarch                              10:svn45215-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-erdc.noarch                                      10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-erdc-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-erewhon.noarch                                   10:svn63312-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-erewhon-doc.noarch                               10:svn63312-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-erewhon-math.noarch                              10:svn64925-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-errata.noarch                                    10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-errata-doc.noarch                                10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-erw-l3.noarch                                    10:svn61799-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-es-tex-faq-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.1.97-3.an23             updates 
texlive-esami.noarch                                     10:svn61596-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-esami-doc.noarch                                 10:svn61596-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-esdiff.noarch                                    10:svn21385.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-esdiff-doc.noarch                                10:svn21385.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-esieecv.noarch                                   10:svn59638-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-esieecv-doc.noarch                               10:svn59638-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-esindex.noarch                                   10:svn52342-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-esint.noarch                                     10:svn52240-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-esint-doc.noarch                                 10:svn52240-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-esint-type1.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-esint-type1-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-esk.noarch                                       10:svn18115.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-esk-doc.noarch                                   10:svn18115.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-eskd.noarch                                      10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-eskd-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-eskdx.noarch                                     10:svn29235.0.98-3.an23             updates 
texlive-eskdx-doc.noarch                                 10:svn29235.0.98-3.an23             updates 
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                                   10:svn56658-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-eso-pic-doc.noarch                               10:svn56658-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-esrelation.noarch                                10:svn37236.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-esrelation-doc.noarch                            10:svn37236.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-esstix.noarch                                    10:svn22426.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-esstix-doc.noarch                                10:svn22426.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-estcpmm.noarch                                   10:svn17335.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-estcpmm-doc.noarch                               10:svn17335.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-esvect.noarch                                    10:svn32098.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-esvect-doc.noarch                                10:svn32098.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-etaremune.noarch                                 10:svn15878.v1.2-3.an23             updates 
texlive-etaremune-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.v1.2-3.an23             updates 
texlive-etbb.noarch                                      10:svn61872-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-etdipa-doc.noarch                                10:svn36354.2.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-etex.noarch                                      10:svn56291-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-etex-doc.noarch                                  10:svn56291-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                                  10:svn41784-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-etex-pkg-doc.noarch                              10:svn41784-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-etexcmds.noarch                                  10:svn53171-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-etextools.noarch                                 10:svn20694.3.1415926-3.an23        updates 
texlive-etextools-doc.noarch                             10:svn20694.3.1415926-3.an23        updates 
texlive-ethiop.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ethiop-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ethiop-t1.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ethiop-t1-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-etl.noarch                                       10:svn60998-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-etoc.noarch                                      10:svn65068-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-etoc-doc.noarch                                  10:svn65068-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                                  10:svn56554-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-etoolbox-de-doc.noarch                           10:svn21906.1-3.an23                updates 
texlive-etoolbox-doc.noarch                              10:svn56554-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-etsvthor.noarch                                  10:svn48186-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-euclideangeometry.noarch                         10:svn60697-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-euenc.noarch                                     10:svn19795.0.1h-3.an23             updates 
texlive-euenc-doc.noarch                                 10:svn19795.0.1h-3.an23             updates 
texlive-euflag.noarch                                    10:svn55265-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-eukdate.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.04-3.an23             updates 
texlive-eukdate-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.04-3.an23             updates 
texlive-euler.noarch                                     10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-euler-doc.noarch                                 10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-euler-math.noarch                                10:svn65010-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-eulerpx.noarch                                   10:svn63967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-eulervm.noarch                                   10:svn15878.4.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-eulervm-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.4.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-euro.noarch                                      10:svn22191.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-euro-ce.noarch                                   10:svn25714-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-euro-doc.noarch                                  10:svn22191.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-europasscv.noarch                                10:svn56829-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-europasscv-doc.noarch                            10:svn56829-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-europecv.noarch                                  10:svn64037-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-europecv-doc.noarch                              10:svn64037-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-eurosym.noarch                                   10:svn17265.1.4_subrfix-3.an23      updates 
texlive-eurosym-doc.noarch                               10:svn17265.1.4_subrfix-3.an23      updates 
texlive-euxm.noarch                                      10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-everyhook.noarch                                 10:svn35675.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-everyhook-doc.noarch                             10:svn35675.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-everypage.noarch                                 10:svn56694-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-everypage-doc.noarch                             10:svn56694-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-everysel.noarch                                  10:svn57489-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-everyshi.noarch                                  10:svn57001-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-exam.noarch                                      10:svn64134-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-exam-doc.noarch                                  10:svn64134-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-exam-n.noarch                                    10:svn64674-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-exam-n-doc.noarch                                10:svn64674-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-exam-randomizechoices.noarch                     10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-exam-zh.noarch                                   10:svn64434-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-examdesign.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.02-3.an23             updates 
texlive-examdesign-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.1.02-3.an23             updates 
texlive-example.noarch                                   10:svn33398.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-examplep.noarch                                  10:svn55265-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-examplep-doc.noarch                              10:svn55265-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-exceltex.noarch                                  10:svn26313-14.an23                 os      
texlive-excludeonly.noarch                               10:svn17262.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-excludeonly-doc.noarch                           10:svn17262.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-exercise.noarch                                  10:svn35417.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-exercise-doc.noarch                              10:svn35417.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-exercisebank.noarch                              10:svn50448-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-exercisepoints.noarch                            10:svn49590-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-exercises.noarch                                 10:svn55188-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-exercises-doc.noarch                             10:svn55188-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-exesheet.noarch                                  10:svn61061-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-exframe.noarch                                   10:svn53911-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-exp-testopt.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-exp-testopt-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-expdlist.noarch                                  10:svn15878.2.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-expdlist-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.2.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-expex.noarch                                     10:svn44499-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-expex-acro.noarch                                10:svn63319-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-expex-doc.noarch                                 10:svn44499-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-expkv.noarch                                     10:svn60573-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-expkv-cs.noarch                                  10:svn62003-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-expkv-def.noarch                                 10:svn61796-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-expkv-opt.noarch                                 10:svn58772-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-export.noarch                                    10:svn27206.1.8-3.an23              updates 
texlive-export-doc.noarch                                10:svn27206.1.8-3.an23              updates 
texlive-expose-expl3-dunkerque-2019.noarch               10:svn54451-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-expressg.noarch                                  10:svn29349.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-expressg-doc.noarch                              10:svn29349.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-exsheets.noarch                                  10:svn52227-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-exsheets-doc.noarch                              10:svn52227-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-exsol.noarch                                     10:svn48977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-exsol-doc.noarch                                 10:svn48977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-extarrows.noarch                                 10:svn54400-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-extarrows-doc.noarch                             10:svn54400-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-exteps.noarch                                    10:svn19859.0.41-3.an23             updates 
texlive-exteps-doc.noarch                                10:svn19859.0.41-3.an23             updates 
texlive-extpfeil.noarch                                  10:svn16243.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-extpfeil-doc.noarch                              10:svn16243.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-extract.noarch                                   10:svn52117-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-extract-doc.noarch                               10:svn52117-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-extsizes.noarch                                  10:svn17263.1.4a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-extsizes-doc.noarch                              10:svn17263.1.4a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-facsimile.noarch                                 10:svn21328.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-facsimile-doc.noarch                             10:svn21328.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-factura.noarch                                   10:svn61697-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-factura-doc.noarch                               10:svn61697-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-facture.noarch                                   10:svn43865-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-facture-belge-simple-sans-tva.noarch             10:svn49004-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-facture-doc.noarch                               10:svn43865-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-faktor.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0.1b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-faktor-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0.1b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-familytree.noarch                                10:svn63739-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fancybox.noarch                                  10:svn18304.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fancybox-doc.noarch                              10:svn18304.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fancyhandout.noarch                              10:svn46411-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fancyhdr.noarch                                  10:svn64977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fancyhdr-doc.noarch                              10:svn64977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fancyhdr-it-doc.noarch                           10:svn21912.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-fancylabel.noarch                                10:svn46736-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fancylabel-doc.noarch                            10:svn46736-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fancynum.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.92-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fancynum-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.92-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fancypar.noarch                                  10:svn58895-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fancypar-doc.noarch                              10:svn58895-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fancyqr.noarch                                   10:svn64182-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fancyref.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.9c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fancyref-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.9c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fancyslides.noarch                               10:svn36263.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fancyslides-doc.noarch                           10:svn36263.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fancytabs.noarch                                 10:svn41549-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fancytabs-doc.noarch                             10:svn41549-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fancytooltips.noarch                             10:svn56291-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fancytooltips-doc.noarch                         10:svn56291-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                                  10:svn63496-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fancyvrb-doc.noarch                              10:svn63496-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fandol.noarch                                    10:svn37889.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fandol-doc.noarch                                10:svn37889.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fascicules.noarch                                10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fast-diagram.noarch                              10:svn29264.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fast-diagram-doc.noarch                          10:svn29264.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fbb.noarch                                       10:svn55728-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fbb-doc.noarch                                   10:svn55728-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fbithesis.noarch                                 10:svn21340.1.2m-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fbithesis-doc.noarch                             10:svn21340.1.2m-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fbox.noarch                                      10:svn62126-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fbs.noarch                                       10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-fc.noarch                                        10:svn32796.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fc-doc.noarch                                    10:svn32796.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fcavtex.noarch                                   10:svn38074.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fcavtex-doc.noarch                               10:svn38074.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fcltxdoc.noarch                                  10:svn24500.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fcltxdoc-doc.noarch                              10:svn24500.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fcolumn.noarch                                   10:svn61855-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fcolumn-doc.noarch                               10:svn61855-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fdsymbol.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fdsymbol-doc.noarch                              10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fduthesis.noarch                                 10:svn64288-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-featpost.noarch                                  10:svn35346.0.8.8-3.an23            updates 
texlive-featpost-doc.noarch                              10:svn35346.0.8.8-3.an23            updates 
texlive-fei.noarch                                       10:svn65352-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fei-doc.noarch                                   10:svn65352-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fenixpar.noarch                                  10:svn24730.0.92-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fenixpar-doc.noarch                              10:svn24730.0.92-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fetamont.noarch                                  10:svn43812-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fetamont-doc.noarch                              10:svn43812-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fetchcls.noarch                                  10:svn45245-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-feupphdteses.noarch                              10:svn30962.4.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-feupphdteses-doc.noarch                          10:svn30962.4.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fewerfloatpages.noarch                           10:svn58058-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-feyn.noarch                                      10:svn63945-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-feyn-doc.noarch                                  10:svn63945-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-feynmf.noarch                                    10:svn17259.1.08-3.an23             updates 
texlive-feynmf-doc.noarch                                10:svn17259.1.08-3.an23             updates 
texlive-feynmp-auto.noarch                               10:svn30223.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-feynmp-auto-doc.noarch                           10:svn30223.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ffcode.noarch                                    10:svn65170-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ffslides.noarch                                  10:svn38895-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ffslides-doc.noarch                              10:svn38895-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fge.noarch                                       10:svn37628.1.25-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fge-doc.noarch                                   10:svn37628.1.25-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fgruler.noarch                                   10:svn63721-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fifinddo-info-doc.noarch                         10:svn29349.1.1b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fifo-stack.noarch                                10:svn33288.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fifo-stack-doc.noarch                            10:svn33288.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fig4latex.noarch                                 10:svn26313-14.an23                 os      
texlive-figbas.noarch                                    10:svn28943.1.0.3-3.an23            updates 
texlive-figbas-doc.noarch                                10:svn28943.1.0.3-3.an23            updates 
texlive-figbib.noarch                                    10:svn19388.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-figbib-doc.noarch                                10:svn19388.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-figchild.noarch                                  10:svn62945-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-figflow.noarch                                   10:svn21462.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-figflow-doc.noarch                               10:svn21462.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-figput.noarch                                    10:svn63957-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-figsize.noarch                                   10:svn18784.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-figsize-doc.noarch                               10:svn18784.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-filecontents.noarch                              10:svn52142-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-filecontents-doc.noarch                          10:svn52142-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-filecontentsdef.noarch                           10:svn52208-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-filedate.noarch                                  10:svn29529.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-filedate-doc.noarch                              10:svn29529.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-filehook.noarch                                  10:svn64822-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-filehook-doc.noarch                              10:svn64822-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fileinfo.noarch                                  10:svn28421.0.81a-3.an23            updates 
texlive-fileinfo-doc.noarch                              10:svn28421.0.81a-3.an23            updates 
texlive-filemod.noarch                                   10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-filemod-doc.noarch                               10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-finbib.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-findhyph.noarch                                  10:svn47444-14.an23                 os      
texlive-fink.noarch                                      10:svn24329.2.2.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-fink-doc.noarch                                  10:svn24329.2.2.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-finstrut.noarch                                  10:svn21719.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-finstrut-doc.noarch                              10:svn21719.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fira.noarch                                      10:svn64422-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fira-doc.noarch                                  10:svn64422-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-firamath.noarch                                  10:svn56672-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-firamath-otf.noarch                              10:svn50732-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-first-latex-doc-doc.noarch                       10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-firstaid.noarch                                  10:svn64892-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fitbox.noarch                                    10:svn50088-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fitbox-doc.noarch                                10:svn50088-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fithesis.noarch                                  10:svn64135-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fithesis-doc.noarch                              10:svn64135-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fix2col.noarch                                   10:svn38770-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fix2col-doc.noarch                               10:svn38770-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fixcmex.noarch                                   10:svn51825-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fixcmex-doc.noarch                               10:svn51825-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fixdif.noarch                                    10:svn64835-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fixfoot.noarch                                   10:svn17131.0.3a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fixfoot-doc.noarch                               10:svn17131.0.3a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fixjfm.noarch                                    10:svn63967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fixlatvian.noarch                                10:svn21631.1a-3.an23               updates 
texlive-fixlatvian-doc.noarch                            10:svn21631.1a-3.an23               updates 
texlive-fixltxhyph.noarch                                10:svn25832.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fixltxhyph-doc.noarch                            10:svn25832.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fixmath.noarch                                   10:svn64648-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fixme.noarch                                     10:svn63708-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fixme-doc.noarch                                 10:svn63708-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fixmetodonotes.noarch                            10:svn30168.0.2.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-fixmetodonotes-doc.noarch                        10:svn30168.0.2.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-fixpdfmag.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-fiziko.noarch                                    10:svn61944-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fjodor.noarch                                    10:svn53207-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fjodor-doc.noarch                                10:svn53207-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-flabels.noarch                                   10:svn17272.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-flabels-doc.noarch                               10:svn17272.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-flacards.noarch                                  10:svn19440.0.1.1b-3.an23           updates 
texlive-flacards-doc.noarch                              10:svn19440.0.1.1b-3.an23           updates 
texlive-flagderiv.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0.10-3.an23             updates 
texlive-flagderiv-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.0.10-3.an23             updates 
texlive-flashcards.noarch                                10:svn62104-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-flashcards-doc.noarch                            10:svn62104-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-flashmovie.noarch                                10:svn25768.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-flashmovie-doc.noarch                            10:svn25768.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-flexipage.noarch                                 10:svn64572-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-flipbook.noarch                                  10:svn25584.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-flipbook-doc.noarch                              10:svn25584.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-flippdf.noarch                                   10:svn56782-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-flippdf-doc.noarch                               10:svn56782-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-float.noarch                                     10:svn15878.1.3d-3.an23             updates 
texlive-float-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.3d-3.an23             updates 
texlive-floatflt.noarch                                  10:svn25540.1.31-3.an23             updates 
texlive-floatflt-doc.noarch                              10:svn25540.1.31-3.an23             updates 
texlive-floatrow.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.3b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-floatrow-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.3b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-flowchart.noarch                                 10:svn36572.3.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-flowchart-doc.noarch                             10:svn36572.3.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-flowfram.noarch                                  10:svn35291.1.17-3.an23             updates 
texlive-flowfram-doc.noarch                              10:svn35291.1.17-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fltpoint.noarch                                  10:svn56594-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fltpoint-doc.noarch                              10:svn56594-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fmp.noarch                                       10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-fmp-doc.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-fmtcount.noarch                                  10:svn53912-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fmtcount-doc.noarch                              10:svn53912-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fn2end.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fn2end-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fnbreak.noarch                                   10:svn25003.1.30-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fnbreak-doc.noarch                               10:svn25003.1.30-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fncychap.noarch                                  10:svn20710.v1.34-3.an23            updates 
texlive-fncychap-doc.noarch                              10:svn20710.v1.34-3.an23            updates 
texlive-fncylab.noarch                                   10:svn52090-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fncylab-doc.noarch                               10:svn52090-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fnpara.noarch                                    10:svn25607.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-fnpara-doc.noarch                                10:svn25607.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-fnpct.noarch                                     10:svn62248-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fnpct-doc.noarch                                 10:svn62248-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fnspe.noarch                                     10:svn45360-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fntproof.noarch                                  10:svn20638.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-fntproof-doc.noarch                              10:svn20638.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-fnumprint.noarch                                 10:svn29173.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fnumprint-doc.noarch                             10:svn29173.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-foekfont.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-foekfont-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-foilhtml.noarch                                  10:svn61937-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-foilhtml-doc.noarch                              10:svn61937-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-foliono.noarch                                   10:svn58877-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fonetika.noarch                                  10:svn21326.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-fonetika-doc.noarch                              10:svn21326.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-font-change.noarch                               10:svn40403-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-font-change-doc.noarch                           10:svn40403-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-font-change-xetex.noarch                         10:svn40404-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-font-change-xetex-doc.noarch                     10:svn40404-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fontawesome.noarch                               10:svn48145-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fontawesome-doc.noarch                           10:svn48145-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fontawesome5.noarch                              10:svn63207-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fontaxes.noarch                                  10:svn55920-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fontaxes-doc.noarch                              10:svn55920-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fontbook.noarch                                  10:svn23608.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fontbook-doc.noarch                              10:svn23608.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fontch.noarch                                    10:svn17859.2.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fontch-doc.noarch                                10:svn17859.2.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fontinst.noarch                                  10:svn62517-14.an23                 os      
texlive-fontinstallationguide.noarch                     10:svn59755-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fontmfizz.noarch                                 10:svn43546-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fontmfizz-doc.noarch                             10:svn43546-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fontname.noarch                                  10:svn64477-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fontname-doc.noarch                              10:svn64477-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fontools.noarch                                  10:svn61726-14.an23                 os      
texlive-fonts-churchslavonic.noarch                      10:svn56350-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fonts-churchslavonic-doc.noarch                  10:svn56350-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fonts-tlwg.noarch                                10:svn60817-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fonts-tlwg-doc.noarch                            10:svn60817-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fontsetup.noarch                                 10:svn62477-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fontsize.noarch                                  10:svn60161-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fontspec.noarch                                  10:svn63386-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fontspec-doc.noarch                              10:svn63386-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fonttable.noarch                                 10:svn44799-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fonttable-doc.noarch                             10:svn44799-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fontware.x86_64                                  10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-fontwrap.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-fontwrap-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-footbib.noarch                                   10:svn17115.2.0.7-3.an23            updates 
texlive-footbib-doc.noarch                               10:svn17115.2.0.7-3.an23            updates 
texlive-footmisc.noarch                                  10:svn62524-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-footmisc-doc.noarch                              10:svn62524-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-footmisx.noarch                                  10:svn42621-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-footnotebackref.noarch                           10:svn27034.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-footnotebackref-doc.noarch                       10:svn27034.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-footnotehyper.noarch                             10:svn60374-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-footnotehyper-doc.noarch                         10:svn60374-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-footnoterange.noarch                             10:svn52910-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-footnoterange-doc.noarch                         10:svn52910-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-footnpag.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-footnpag-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-forarray.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-forarray-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-foreign.noarch                                   10:svn27819.2.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-foreign-doc.noarch                               10:svn27819.2.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-forest.noarch                                    10:svn57398-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-forest-doc.noarch                                10:svn57398-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-forest-quickstart-doc.noarch                     10:svn55688-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-forloop.noarch                                   10:svn15878.3.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-forloop-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.3.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-formal-grammar.noarch                            10:svn61955-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-formation-latex-ul.noarch                        10:svn56714-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-formlett.noarch                                  10:svn21480.2.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-formlett-doc.noarch                              10:svn21480.2.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-forms16be.noarch                                 10:svn51305-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-formular.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-formular-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-forum.noarch                                     10:svn64566-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fouridx.noarch                                   10:svn32214.2.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fouridx-doc.noarch                               10:svn32214.2.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fourier.noarch                                   10:svn61937-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fourier-doc.noarch                               10:svn61937-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fouriernc.noarch                                 10:svn29646.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-fouriernc-doc.noarch                             10:svn29646.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-fp.noarch                                        10:svn49719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fp-doc.noarch                                    10:svn49719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fpl.noarch                                       10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fpl-doc.noarch                                   10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fragmaster.noarch                                10:svn26313-14.an23                 os      
texlive-fragments.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-fragments-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-frame.noarch                                     10:svn18312.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-frame-doc.noarch                                 10:svn18312.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-framed.noarch                                    10:svn26789.0.96-3.an23             updates 
texlive-framed-doc.noarch                                10:svn26789.0.96-3.an23             updates 
texlive-francais-bst.noarch                              10:svn38922-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-francais-bst-doc.noarch                          10:svn38922-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-frankenstein.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-frankenstein-doc.noarch                          10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-frcursive.noarch                                 10:svn24559.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-frcursive-doc.noarch                             10:svn24559.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-frederika2016.noarch                             10:svn42157-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-frege.noarch                                     10:svn27417.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-frege-doc.noarch                                 10:svn27417.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-frenchmath.noarch                                10:svn65363-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-frimurer.noarch                                  10:svn56704-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-frletter.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-frletter-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-frontespizio.noarch                              10:svn24054.1.4a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-frontespizio-doc.noarch                          10:svn24054.1.4a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-froufrou.noarch                                  10:svn59103-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-frpseudocode.noarch                              10:svn56088-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ftc-notebook.noarch                              10:svn50043-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ftcap.noarch                                     10:svn17275.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ftcap-doc.noarch                                 10:svn17275.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ftnxtra.noarch                                   10:svn29652.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ftnxtra-doc.noarch                               10:svn29652.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fullblck.noarch                                  10:svn25434.1.03-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fullblck-doc.noarch                              10:svn25434.1.03-3.an23             updates 
texlive-fullminipage.noarch                              10:svn34545.0.1.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-fullminipage-doc.noarch                          10:svn34545.0.1.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-fullwidth.noarch                                 10:svn24684.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fullwidth-doc.noarch                             10:svn24684.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-functan.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-functan-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-functional.noarch                                10:svn63640-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fundus-calligra.noarch                           10:svn26018.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fundus-calligra-doc.noarch                       10:svn26018.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fundus-cyr.noarch                                10:svn26019.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-fundus-sueterlin.noarch                          10:svn26030.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fundus-sueterlin-doc.noarch                      10:svn26030.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-fvextra.noarch                                   10:svn65158-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-fwlw.noarch                                      10:svn29803.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-fwlw-doc.noarch                                  10:svn29803.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-g-brief.noarch                                   10:svn50415-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-g-brief-doc.noarch                               10:svn50415-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gaceta.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.06-3.an23             updates 
texlive-gaceta-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.06-3.an23             updates 
texlive-galois.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-galois-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gamebook.noarch                                  10:svn24714.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gamebook-doc.noarch                              10:svn24714.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gamebooklib.noarch                               10:svn63424-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gammas.noarch                                    10:svn56403-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-garamond-libre.noarch                            10:svn64412-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-garamond-math.noarch                             10:svn61481-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-garrigues.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-garrigues-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-garuda-c90.noarch                                10:svn60832-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gastex.noarch                                    10:svn58505-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gastex-doc.noarch                                10:svn58505-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gates.noarch                                     10:svn29803.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gates-doc.noarch                                 10:svn29803.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gatherenum.noarch                                10:svn52209-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gauss.noarch                                     10:svn32934.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-gauss-doc.noarch                                 10:svn32934.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-gb4e.noarch                                      10:svn19216.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-gb4e-doc.noarch                                  10:svn19216.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-gbt7714.noarch                                   10:svn64633-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gcard.noarch                                     10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-gcard-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-gchords.noarch                                   10:svn29803.1.20-3.an23             updates 
texlive-gchords-doc.noarch                               10:svn29803.1.20-3.an23             updates 
texlive-gcite.noarch                                     10:svn15878.1.0.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-gcite-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.0.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-gckanbun.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gender.noarch                                    10:svn36464.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gender-doc.noarch                                10:svn36464.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gene-logic.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gene-logic-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-genealogy.noarch                                 10:svn25112.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-genealogy-doc.noarch                             10:svn25112.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-genealogytree.noarch                             10:svn62759-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-genealogytree-doc.noarch                         10:svn62759-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-genmpage.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.3.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-genmpage-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.3.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-gensymb.noarch                                   10:svn64740-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gentium-tug.noarch                               10:svn63470-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gentium-tug-doc.noarch                           10:svn63470-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gentle-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-gentombow.noarch                                 10:svn64333-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-geometry.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-geometry-doc.noarch                              10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-geradwp.noarch                                   10:svn63134-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-german.noarch                                    10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-german-doc.noarch                                10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-germbib.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-germbib-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-germkorr.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-germkorr-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-geschichtsfrkl.noarch                            10:svn42121-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-geschichtsfrkl-doc.noarch                        10:svn42121-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-getfiledate.noarch                               10:svn16189.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-getfiledate-doc.noarch                           10:svn16189.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-getitems.noarch                                  10:svn39365-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-getitems-doc.noarch                              10:svn39365-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-getmap.noarch                                    10:svn50589-14.an23                 os      
texlive-getoptk.noarch                                   10:svn23567.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-getoptk-doc.noarch                               10:svn23567.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gettitlestring.noarch                            10:svn53170-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gfnotation.noarch                                10:svn37156.2.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gfnotation-doc.noarch                            10:svn37156.2.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gfsartemisia.noarch                              10:svn19469.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gfsartemisia-doc.noarch                          10:svn19469.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gfsbaskerville.noarch                            10:svn19440.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gfsbaskerville-doc.noarch                        10:svn19440.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gfsbodoni.noarch                                 10:svn28484.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-gfsbodoni-doc.noarch                             10:svn28484.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-gfscomplutum.noarch                              10:svn19469.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gfscomplutum-doc.noarch                          10:svn19469.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gfsdidot.noarch                                  10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gfsdidot-doc.noarch                              10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gfsdidotclassic.noarch                           10:svn52778-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gfsneohellenic.noarch                            10:svn63944-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gfsneohellenic-doc.noarch                        10:svn63944-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gfsneohellenicmath.noarch                        10:svn63928-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gfsporson.noarch                                 10:svn18651.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-gfsporson-doc.noarch                             10:svn18651.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-gfssolomos.noarch                                10:svn18651.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gfssolomos-doc.noarch                            10:svn18651.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ghab.noarch                                      10:svn29803.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ghab-doc.noarch                                  10:svn29803.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ghsystem.noarch                                  10:svn53822-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ghsystem-doc.noarch                              10:svn53822-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gillcm.noarch                                    10:svn19878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gillcm-doc.noarch                                10:svn19878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gillius.noarch                                   10:svn64865-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gillius-doc.noarch                               10:svn64865-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gincltex.noarch                                  10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gincltex-doc.noarch                              10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gindex.noarch                                    10:svn52311-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ginpenc.noarch                                   10:svn24980.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ginpenc-doc.noarch                               10:svn24980.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-git-latexdiff.x86_64                             10:svn54732-14.an23                 os      
texlive-gitfile-info.noarch                              10:svn51928-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gitinfo.noarch                                   10:svn34049.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gitinfo-doc.noarch                               10:svn34049.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gitinfo2.noarch                                  10:svn38913-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gitinfo2-doc.noarch                              10:svn38913-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gitlog.noarch                                    10:svn38932-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gitlog-doc.noarch                                10:svn38932-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gitstatus.noarch                                 10:svn64662-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gitver.noarch                                    10:svn63920-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-globalvals.noarch                                10:svn49962-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-glosmathtools.noarch                             10:svn55920-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gloss.noarch                                     10:svn15878.1.5.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-gloss-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.5.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-gloss-occitan.noarch                             10:svn52593-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gloss-occitan-doc.noarch                         10:svn52593-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-glossaries.noarch                                10:svn64919-14.an23                 os      
texlive-glossaries-danish.noarch                         10:svn35665.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-danish-doc.noarch                     10:svn35665.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-dutch.noarch                          10:svn35685.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-dutch-doc.noarch                      10:svn35685.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-english.noarch                        10:svn35665.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-english-doc.noarch                    10:svn35665.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-estonian.noarch                       10:svn49928-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-glossaries-extra.noarch                          10:svn64973-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-glossaries-extra-doc.noarch                      10:svn64973-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-glossaries-finnish.noarch                        10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-glossaries-french.noarch                         10:svn42873-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-glossaries-french-doc.noarch                     10:svn42873-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-glossaries-german.noarch                         10:svn35665.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-german-doc.noarch                     10:svn35665.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-irish.noarch                          10:svn35665.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-irish-doc.noarch                      10:svn35665.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-italian.noarch                        10:svn35665.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-italian-doc.noarch                    10:svn35665.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-magyar.noarch                         10:svn35665.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-magyar-doc.noarch                     10:svn35665.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-nynorsk.noarch                        10:svn55189-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-glossaries-polish.noarch                         10:svn35665.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-polish-doc.noarch                     10:svn35665.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-portuges.noarch                       10:svn36064.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-portuges-doc.noarch                   10:svn36064.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-serbian.noarch                        10:svn35665.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-serbian-doc.noarch                    10:svn35665.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-slovene.noarch                        10:svn51211-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-glossaries-spanish.noarch                        10:svn35665.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glossaries-spanish-doc.noarch                    10:svn35665.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-glyphlist.noarch                                 10:svn54074-14.an23                 os      
texlive-gmdoc.noarch                                     10:svn21292.0.993-3.an23            updates 
texlive-gmdoc-doc.noarch                                 10:svn21292.0.993-3.an23            updates 
texlive-gmdoc-enhance.noarch                             10:svn15878.v0.2-3.an23             updates 
texlive-gmdoc-enhance-doc.noarch                         10:svn15878.v0.2-3.an23             updates 
texlive-gmiflink.noarch                                  10:svn15878.v0.97-3.an23            updates 
texlive-gmiflink-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.v0.97-3.an23            updates 
texlive-gmp.noarch                                       10:svn21691.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gmp-doc.noarch                                   10:svn21691.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gmutils.noarch                                   10:svn24287.v0.996-3.an23           updates 
texlive-gmutils-doc.noarch                               10:svn24287.v0.996-3.an23           updates 
texlive-gmverb.noarch                                    10:svn24288.v0.98-3.an23            updates 
texlive-gmverb-doc.noarch                                10:svn24288.v0.98-3.an23            updates 
texlive-gmverse.noarch                                   10:svn29803.v0.73-3.an23            updates 
texlive-gmverse-doc.noarch                               10:svn29803.v0.73-3.an23            updates 
texlive-gnu-freefont.noarch                              10:svn29349.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-gnu-freefont-doc.noarch                          10:svn29349.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-gnuplottex.noarch                                10:svn54758-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gnuplottex-doc.noarch                            10:svn54758-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-go.noarch                                        10:svn28628.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-go-doc.noarch                                    10:svn28628.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-gobble.noarch                                    10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gobble-doc.noarch                                10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gofonts.noarch                                   10:svn64358-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gost.noarch                                      10:svn57616-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gost-doc.noarch                                  10:svn57616-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gothic.noarch                                    10:svn49869-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gothic-doc.noarch                                10:svn49869-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gotoh.noarch                                     10:svn44764-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-grabbox.noarch                                   10:svn65223-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gradient-text.noarch                             10:svn65353-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gradientframe.noarch                             10:svn21387.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gradientframe-doc.noarch                         10:svn21387.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-grading-scheme.noarch                            10:svn62505-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gradstudentresume.noarch                         10:svn38832-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gradstudentresume-doc.noarch                     10:svn38832-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-grafcet.noarch                                   10:svn22509.1.3.5-3.an23            updates 
texlive-grafcet-doc.noarch                               10:svn22509.1.3.5-3.an23            updates 
texlive-grant.noarch                                     10:svn56852-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-graph35.noarch                                   10:svn65138-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-graphbox.noarch                                  10:svn46360-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-graphbox-doc.noarch                              10:svn46360-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-graphics.noarch                                  10:svn64892-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                              10:svn41448-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-graphics-cfg-doc.noarch                          10:svn41448-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                              10:svn64487-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-graphics-doc.noarch                              10:svn64892-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-graphics-pln.noarch                              10:svn65187-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-graphics-pln-doc.noarch                          10:svn65187-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-graphicscache.noarch                             10:svn65318-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-graphicx-psmin.noarch                            10:svn56931-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-graphicx-psmin-doc.noarch                        10:svn56931-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-graphicxbox.noarch                               10:svn32630.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-graphicxbox-doc.noarch                           10:svn32630.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-graphicxpsd.noarch                               10:svn57341-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-graphpaper.noarch                                10:svn63116-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-graphviz.noarch                                  10:svn31517.0.94-3.an23             updates 
texlive-graphviz-doc.noarch                              10:svn31517.0.94-3.an23             updates 
texlive-grayhints.noarch                                 10:svn49052-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-greek-fontenc.noarch                             10:svn63604-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-greek-fontenc-doc.noarch                         10:svn63604-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-greek-inputenc.noarch                            10:svn51612-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-greek-inputenc-doc.noarch                        10:svn51612-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-greekdates.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-greekdates-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-greektex.noarch                                  10:svn28327.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-greektex-doc.noarch                              10:svn28327.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-greektonoi.noarch                                10:svn39419-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-greektonoi-doc.noarch                            10:svn39419-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-greenpoint.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-greenpoint-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-gregoriotex.x86_64                               10:svn58331-14.an23                 os      
texlive-grfext.noarch                                    10:svn53024-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-grffile.noarch                                   10:svn52756-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-grfpaste.noarch                                  10:svn17354.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-grfpaste-doc.noarch                              10:svn17354.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-grid.noarch                                      10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-grid-doc.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-grid-system.noarch                               10:svn32981.0.3.0-3.an23            updates 
texlive-grid-system-doc.noarch                           10:svn32981.0.3.0-3.an23            updates 
texlive-gridpapers.noarch                                10:svn58723-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gridset.noarch                                   10:svn53762-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gridset-doc.noarch                               10:svn53762-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gridslides.noarch                                10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-grotesq.noarch                                   10:svn35859.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-grotesq-doc.noarch                               10:svn35859.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-grundgesetze.noarch                              10:svn58997-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-grundgesetze-doc.noarch                          10:svn58997-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gs1.noarch                                       10:svn59620-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gs1-doc.noarch                                   10:svn59620-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gsemthesis.noarch                                10:svn56291-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gsemthesis-doc.noarch                            10:svn56291-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gsftopk.x86_64                                   10:svn52851-14.an23                 os      
texlive-gtl.noarch                                       10:svn49527-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gtl-doc.noarch                                   10:svn49527-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gtrcrd.noarch                                    10:svn32484.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gtrcrd-doc.noarch                                10:svn32484.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-gtrlib-largetrees.noarch                         10:svn49062-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gu.noarch                                        10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-gu-doc.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-gudea.noarch                                     10:svn57359-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-guide-to-latex-doc.noarch                        10:svn45712-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-guitar.noarch                                    10:svn32258.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-guitar-doc.noarch                                10:svn32258.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-guitarchordschemes.noarch                        10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-guitarchordschemes-doc.noarch                    10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-guitartabs.noarch                                10:svn48102-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-guitlogo.noarch                                  10:svn55741-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-guitlogo-doc.noarch                              10:svn55741-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gustlib.noarch                                   10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gustlib-doc.noarch                               10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gustprog-doc.noarch                              10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gzt.noarch                                       10:svn63591-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-gzt-doc.noarch                                   10:svn63591-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-h2020proposal.noarch                             10:svn38428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-h2020proposal-doc.noarch                         10:svn38428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ha-prosper.noarch                                10:svn59651-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ha-prosper-doc.noarch                            10:svn59651-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hackthefootline.noarch                           10:svn46494-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hacm.noarch                                      10:svn27671.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-hacm-doc.noarch                                  10:svn27671.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-hagenberg-thesis.noarch                          10:svn56798-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-halloweenmath.noarch                             10:svn52602-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hamnosys.noarch                                  10:svn61941-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-handin.noarch                                    10:svn48255-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-handout.noarch                                   10:svn43962-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-handout-doc.noarch                               10:svn43962-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-handoutwithnotes.noarch                          10:svn62140-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hands.noarch                                     10:svn13293.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-hang.noarch                                      10:svn43280-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hang-doc.noarch                                  10:svn43280-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hanging.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.2b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-hanging-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.2b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-hanoi.noarch                                     10:svn25019.20120101-3.an23         updates 
texlive-hanzibox.noarch                                  10:svn63062-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-happy4th-doc.noarch                              10:svn25020.20120102-3.an23         updates 
texlive-har2nat.noarch                                   10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-har2nat-doc.noarch                               10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-haranoaji.noarch                                 10:svn62100-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-haranoaji-extra.noarch                           10:svn62099-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hardwrap.noarch                                  10:svn21396.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-hardwrap-doc.noarch                              10:svn21396.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-harmony.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-harmony-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-harnon-cv.noarch                                 10:svn26543.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-harnon-cv-doc.noarch                             10:svn26543.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-harpoon.noarch                                   10:svn21327.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-harpoon-doc.noarch                               10:svn21327.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-harvard.noarch                                   10:svn15878.2.0.5-3.an23            updates 
texlive-harvard-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.2.0.5-3.an23            updates 
texlive-harveyballs.noarch                               10:svn32003.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-harveyballs-doc.noarch                           10:svn32003.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-harvmac.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-harvmac-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-hatching.noarch                                  10:svn23818.0.11-3.an23             updates 
texlive-hatching-doc.noarch                              10:svn23818.0.11-3.an23             updates 
texlive-hausarbeit-jura.noarch                           10:svn56070-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hausarbeit-jura-doc.noarch                       10:svn56070-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-havannah.noarch                                  10:svn36348.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-havannah-doc.noarch                              10:svn36348.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-hc.noarch                                        10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-hc-doc.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-he-she.noarch                                    10:svn41359-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-he-she-doc.noarch                                10:svn41359-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hecthese.noarch                                  10:svn60455-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-helmholtz-ellis-ji-notation.noarch               10:svn55213-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-helvetic.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hep.noarch                                       10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-hep-acronym.noarch                               10:svn64890-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hep-bibliography.noarch                          10:svn64888-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hep-doc.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-hep-float.noarch                                 10:svn64904-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hep-math.noarch                                  10:svn64905-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hep-paper.noarch                                 10:svn64917-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hep-reference.noarch                             10:svn64853-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hep-text.noarch                                  10:svn64906-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hep-title.noarch                                 10:svn64907-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hepnames.noarch                                  10:svn35722.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-hepnames-doc.noarch                              10:svn35722.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-hepparticles.noarch                              10:svn35723.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-hepparticles-doc.noarch                          10:svn35723.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-hepthesis.noarch                                 10:svn46054-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hepthesis-doc.noarch                             10:svn46054-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hepunits.noarch                                  10:svn54758-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hepunits-doc.noarch                              10:svn54758-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-here.noarch                                      10:svn16135.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-here-doc.noarch                                  10:svn16135.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-hereapplies.noarch                               10:svn65251-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hershey-mp.noarch                                10:svn64878-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-heuristica.noarch                                10:svn51362-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-heuristica-doc.noarch                            10:svn51362-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hexboard.noarch                                  10:svn62102-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hexgame.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-hexgame-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-hf-tikz.noarch                                   10:svn34733.0.3a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-hf-tikz-doc.noarch                               10:svn34733.0.3a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-hfbright.noarch                                  10:svn29349.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-hfbright-doc.noarch                              10:svn29349.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-hfoldsty.noarch                                  10:svn29349.1.15-3.an23             updates 
texlive-hfoldsty-doc.noarch                              10:svn29349.1.15-3.an23             updates 
texlive-hfutexam.noarch                                  10:svn65223-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hfutthesis.noarch                                10:svn64025-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hhtensor.noarch                                  10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hhtensor-doc.noarch                              10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hideanswer.noarch                                10:svn63852-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-highlightlatex.noarch                            10:svn58392-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hindawi-latex-template.noarch                    10:svn57757-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hindmadurai.noarch                               10:svn57360-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-histogr.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-histogr-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-historische-zeitschrift.noarch                   10:svn42635-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-historische-zeitschrift-doc.noarch               10:svn42635-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hitec.noarch                                     10:svn15878.0.0_beta_-3.an23        updates 
texlive-hitec-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0.0_beta_-3.an23        updates 
texlive-hitex.x86_64                                     10:svn63708-14.an23                 os      
texlive-hithesis.noarch                                  10:svn64005-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hitreport.noarch                                 10:svn58357-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hitszbeamer.noarch                               10:svn54381-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hitszthesis.noarch                               10:svn61073-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hletter.noarch                                   10:svn30002.4.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-hletter-doc.noarch                               10:svn30002.4.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-hlist.noarch                                     10:svn44983-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hmtrump.noarch                                   10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hobby.noarch                                     10:svn44474-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hobby-doc.noarch                                 10:svn44474-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hobete.noarch                                    10:svn27036.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-hobete-doc.noarch                                10:svn27036.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-hobsub.noarch                                    10:svn52810-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hologo.noarch                                    10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hook-pre-commit-pkg-doc.noarch                   10:svn41378-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hopatch.noarch                                   10:svn56106-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-horoscop.noarch                                  10:svn56021-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-horoscop-doc.noarch                              10:svn56021-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hpsdiss.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-hpsdiss-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-href-ul.noarch                                   10:svn64880-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hrefhide.noarch                                  10:svn22255.1.0f-3.an23             updates 
texlive-hrefhide-doc.noarch                              10:svn22255.1.0f-3.an23             updates 
texlive-hrlatex.noarch                                   10:svn18020.0.23-3.an23             updates 
texlive-hrlatex-doc.noarch                               10:svn18020.0.23-3.an23             updates 
texlive-hu-berlin-bundle.noarch                          10:svn57580-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-huawei.noarch                                    10:svn65264-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-huaz.noarch                                      10:svn64723-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hulipsum.noarch                                  10:svn56848-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hustthesis.noarch                                10:svn42547-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hvarabic.noarch                                  10:svn59423-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hvextern.noarch                                  10:svn63711-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hvfloat.noarch                                   10:svn65069-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hvfloat-doc.noarch                               10:svn65069-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hvindex.noarch                                   10:svn46051-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hvindex-doc.noarch                               10:svn46051-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hvlogos.noarch                                   10:svn63261-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hvpygmentex.noarch                               10:svn62405-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hvqrurl.noarch                                   10:svn59256-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hwemoji.noarch                                   10:svn65001-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hycolor.noarch                                   10:svn53584-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hypdestopt.noarch                                10:svn56253-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hypdoc.noarch                                    10:svn63808-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hypdvips.noarch                                  10:svn53197-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hypdvips-doc.noarch                              10:svn53197-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyper.noarch                                     10:svn17357.4.2d-3.an23             updates 
texlive-hyper-doc.noarch                                 10:svn17357.4.2d-3.an23             updates 
texlive-hyperbar.noarch                                  10:svn48147-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hypernat.noarch                                  10:svn17358.1.0b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-hypernat-doc.noarch                              10:svn17358.1.0b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-hyperref.noarch                                  10:svn65014-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyperref-doc.noarch                              10:svn65014-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyperxmp.x86_64                                  10:svn57004-14.an23                 os      
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                                 10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyph-utf8-doc.noarch                             10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-afrikaans.noarch                          10:svn58609-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-ancientgreek.noarch                       10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-arabic.noarch                             10:svn54568-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-armenian.noarch                           10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                               10:svn62751-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-basque.noarch                             10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-belarusian.noarch                         10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-bulgarian.noarch                          10:svn58685-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-catalan.noarch                            10:svn58609-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-chinese.noarch                            10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-churchslavonic.noarch                     10:svn58609-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-coptic.noarch                             10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-croatian.noarch                           10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-czech.noarch                              10:svn58609-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-danish.noarch                             10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-dutch.noarch                              10:svn58609-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-english.noarch                            10:svn58609-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-esperanto.noarch                          10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-estonian.noarch                           10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-ethiopic.noarch                           10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-farsi.noarch                              10:svn54568-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-finnish.noarch                            10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-french.noarch                             10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-friulan.noarch                            10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-galician.noarch                           10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-georgian.noarch                           10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-german.noarch                             10:svn59807-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-greek.noarch                              10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-greek-doc.noarch                          10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-hungarian.noarch                          10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-hungarian-doc.noarch                      10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-icelandic.noarch                          10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-indic.noarch                              10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-indonesian.noarch                         10:svn58609-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-interlingua.noarch                        10:svn58609-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-irish.noarch                              10:svn58609-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-italian.noarch                            10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-kurmanji.noarch                           10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-latin.noarch                              10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-latvian.noarch                            10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-lithuanian.noarch                         10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-macedonian.noarch                         10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-mongolian.noarch                          10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-norwegian.noarch                          10:svn58609-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-occitan.noarch                            10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-piedmontese.noarch                        10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-polish.noarch                             10:svn58609-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-portuguese.noarch                         10:svn58609-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-romanian.noarch                           10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-romansh.noarch                            10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-russian.noarch                            10:svn58609-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-sanskrit.noarch                           10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-sanskrit-doc.noarch                       10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-serbian.noarch                            10:svn58609-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-slovak.noarch                             10:svn58609-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-slovenian.noarch                          10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-spanish.noarch                            10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-spanish-doc.noarch                        10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-swedish.noarch                            10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-thai.noarch                               10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-turkish.noarch                            10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-turkmen.noarch                            10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-ukrainian.noarch                          10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-uppersorbian.noarch                       10:svn58609-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphen-welsh.noarch                              10:svn58652-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyphenat.noarch                                  10:svn15878.2.3c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-hyphenat-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.2.3c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-hyphenex.noarch                                  10:svn57387-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-hyplain.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-hyplain-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ibarra.noarch                                    10:svn64567-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ibrackets.noarch                                 10:svn65312-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ibycus-babel.noarch                              10:svn15878.3.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ibycus-babel-doc.noarch                          10:svn15878.3.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ibygrk.noarch                                    10:svn15878.4.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ibygrk-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.4.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-icite.noarch                                     10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-icsv.noarch                                      10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-icsv-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-identkey.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-idxcmds.noarch                                   10:svn54554-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-idxcmds-doc.noarch                               10:svn54554-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-idxlayout.noarch                                 10:svn25821.0.4d-3.an23             updates 
texlive-idxlayout-doc.noarch                             10:svn25821.0.4d-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ieeeconf.noarch                                  10:svn59665-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ieeepes.noarch                                   10:svn17359.4.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ieeepes-doc.noarch                               10:svn17359.4.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ieeetran.noarch                                  10:svn59672-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ieejtran.noarch                                  10:svn62957-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ietfbibs-doc.noarch                              10:svn41332-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-iexec.noarch                                     10:svn64908-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ifallfalse.noarch                                10:svn60027-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-iffont.noarch                                    10:svn38823-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-iffont-doc.noarch                                10:svn38823-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ifmslide.noarch                                  10:svn20727.0.47-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ifmslide-doc.noarch                              10:svn20727.0.47-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ifmtarg.noarch                                   10:svn47544-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ifmtarg-doc.noarch                               10:svn47544-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ifnextok.noarch                                  10:svn23379.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ifnextok-doc.noarch                              10:svn23379.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ifoddpage.noarch                                 10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ifoddpage-doc.noarch                             10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ifplatform.noarch                                10:svn45533-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ifplatform-doc.noarch                            10:svn45533-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ifptex.noarch                                    10:svn62982-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ifsym.noarch                                     10:svn24868.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ifsym-doc.noarch                                 10:svn24868.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-iftex.noarch                                     10:svn61910-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-iftex-doc.noarch                                 10:svn61910-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ifthenx.noarch                                   10:svn25819.0.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ifthenx-doc.noarch                               10:svn25819.0.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ifxptex.noarch                                   10:svn46153-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-iitem.noarch                                     10:svn29613.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-iitem-doc.noarch                                 10:svn29613.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ijmart.noarch                                    10:svn30958.1.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ijmart-doc.noarch                                10:svn30958.1.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ijqc.noarch                                      10:svn15878.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ijqc-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ijsra.noarch                                     10:svn44886-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-imac.noarch                                      10:svn17347.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-imac-doc.noarch                                  10:svn17347.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-image-gallery.noarch                             10:svn15878.v1.0j-3.an23            updates 
texlive-image-gallery-doc.noarch                         10:svn15878.v1.0j-3.an23            updates 
texlive-imakeidx.noarch                                  10:svn42287-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-imakeidx-doc.noarch                              10:svn42287-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-imfellenglish.noarch                             10:svn64568-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-imfellenglish-doc.noarch                         10:svn64568-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-impatient-cn-doc.noarch                          10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-impatient-doc.noarch                             10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-impatient-fr-doc.noarch                          10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-impnattypo.noarch                                10:svn50227-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-impnattypo-doc.noarch                            10:svn50227-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-import.noarch                                    10:svn54683-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-import-doc.noarch                                10:svn54683-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-imsproc.noarch                                   10:svn29803.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-imsproc-doc.noarch                               10:svn29803.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-imtekda.noarch                                   10:svn17667.1.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-imtekda-doc.noarch                               10:svn17667.1.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-incgraph.noarch                                  10:svn60810-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-incgraph-doc.noarch                              10:svn60810-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-includernw.noarch                                10:svn47557-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-inconsolata.noarch                               10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-inconsolata-doc.noarch                           10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-index.noarch                                     10:svn24099.4.1beta-3.an23          updates 
texlive-index-doc.noarch                                 10:svn24099.4.1beta-3.an23          updates 
texlive-indextools.noarch                                10:svn38931-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-indextools-doc.noarch                            10:svn38931-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-infwarerr.noarch                                 10:svn53023-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-initials.noarch                                  10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-initials-doc.noarch                              10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-inkpaper.noarch                                  10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-inline-images.noarch                             10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-inlinebib.noarch                                 10:svn22018.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-inlinebib-doc.noarch                             10:svn22018.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-inlinedef.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-inlinedef-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-inlinelabel.noarch                               10:svn63853-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-innerscript.noarch                               10:svn57672-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-inputenx.noarch                                  10:svn52986-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-inputnormalization.noarch                        10:svn59850-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-inputtrc.noarch                                  10:svn28019.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-inputtrc-doc.noarch                              10:svn28019.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-inriafonts.noarch                                10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-insbox.noarch                                    10:svn34299.2.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-insbox-doc.noarch                                10:svn34299.2.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-install-latex-guide-zh-cn.noarch                 10:svn64560-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-installfont.noarch                               10:svn31205-14.an23                 os      
texlive-intcalc.noarch                                   10:svn53168-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-inter.noarch                                     10:svn58892-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-interactiveworkbook.noarch                       10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-interactiveworkbook-doc.noarch                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-interchar.noarch                                 10:svn36312.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-interchar-doc.noarch                             10:svn36312.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-interfaces.noarch                                10:svn21474.3.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-interfaces-doc.noarch                            10:svn21474.3.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-interpreter.noarch                               10:svn27232.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-interpreter-doc.noarch                           10:svn27232.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-interval.noarch                                  10:svn50265-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-interval-doc.noarch                              10:svn50265-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-intopdf.noarch                                   10:svn63987-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-intro-scientific-doc.noarch                      10:svn15878.5th_edition-3.an23      updates 
texlive-inversepath.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-inversepath-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-invoice.noarch                                   10:svn48359-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-invoice-class.noarch                             10:svn49749-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-invoice-doc.noarch                               10:svn48359-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-invoice2.noarch                                  10:svn46364-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-iodhbwm.noarch                                   10:svn57773-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ionumbers.noarch                                 10:svn33457.0.3.3-3.an23            updates 
texlive-ionumbers-doc.noarch                             10:svn33457.0.3.3-3.an23            updates 
texlive-iopart-num.noarch                                10:svn15878.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-iopart-num-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ipaex.noarch                                     10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ipaex-doc.noarch                                 10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ipaex-type1.noarch                               10:svn47700-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ipaex-type1-doc.noarch                           10:svn47700-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-is-bst.noarch                                    10:svn52623-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-iscram.noarch                                    10:svn45801-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-iso.noarch                                       10:svn15878.2.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-iso-doc.noarch                                   10:svn15878.2.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-iso10303.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-iso10303-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-isodate.noarch                                   10:svn16613.2.28-3.an23             updates 
texlive-isodate-doc.noarch                               10:svn16613.2.28-3.an23             updates 
texlive-isodoc.noarch                                    10:svn59709-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-isodoc-doc.noarch                                10:svn59709-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-isomath.noarch                                   10:svn27654.0.6.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-isomath-doc.noarch                               10:svn27654.0.6.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-isonums.noarch                                   10:svn17362.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-isonums-doc.noarch                               10:svn17362.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-isopt.noarch                                     10:svn45509-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-isorot.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-isorot-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-isotope.noarch                                   10:svn23711.v0.3-3.an23             updates 
texlive-isotope-doc.noarch                               10:svn23711.v0.3-3.an23             updates 
texlive-issuulinks.noarch                                10:svn25742.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-issuulinks-doc.noarch                            10:svn25742.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-istgame.noarch                                   10:svn62946-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-itnumpar.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-itnumpar-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-iwhdp.noarch                                     10:svn37552.0.50-3.an23             updates 
texlive-iwhdp-doc.noarch                                 10:svn37552.0.50-3.an23             updates 
texlive-iwona.noarch                                     10:svn19611.0.995b-3.an23           updates 
texlive-iwona-doc.noarch                                 10:svn19611.0.995b-3.an23           updates 
texlive-jablantile.noarch                                10:svn16364.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-jablantile-doc.noarch                            10:svn16364.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-jacow.noarch                                     10:svn63060-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jacow-doc.noarch                                 10:svn63060-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jadetex.noarch                                   10:svn63654-14.an23                 os      
texlive-jamtimes.noarch                                  10:svn20408.1.12-3.an23             updates 
texlive-jamtimes-doc.noarch                              10:svn20408.1.12-3.an23             updates 
texlive-japanese-mathformulas.noarch                     10:svn64678-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-japanese-otf.noarch                              10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-japanese-otf-doc.noarch                          10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jbact.noarch                                     10:svn52717-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jeuxcartes.noarch                                10:svn65364-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jfmutil.noarch                                   10:svn60987-14.an23                 os      
texlive-jieeetran.noarch                                 10:svn62958-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jigsaw.noarch                                    10:svn63937-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jkmath.noarch                                    10:svn47109-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jknapltx.noarch                                  10:svn19440.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-jknapltx-doc.noarch                              10:svn19440.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-jlabels.noarch                                   10:svn24858.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-jlabels-doc.noarch                               10:svn24858.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-jlreq.noarch                                     10:svn65119-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jlreq-deluxe.noarch                              10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jmb.noarch                                       10:svn52718-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jmlr.noarch                                      10:svn61957-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jmlr-doc.noarch                                  10:svn61957-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jmn.noarch                                       10:svn45751-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jmsdelim.noarch                                  10:svn62630-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jneurosci.noarch                                 10:svn17346.1.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-jneurosci-doc.noarch                             10:svn17346.1.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-jnuexam.noarch                                   10:svn56867-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jobname-suffix.noarch                            10:svn64797-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-josefin.noarch                                   10:svn64569-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jourcl.noarch                                    10:svn65290-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jpneduenumerate.noarch                           10:svn63893-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jpnedumathsymbols.noarch                         10:svn63864-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jpsj.noarch                                      10:svn15878.1.2.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-jpsj-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.2.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-js-misc.noarch                                   10:svn16211.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-js-misc-doc.noarch                               10:svn16211.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-jsclasses.noarch                                 10:svn64386-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jsclasses-doc.noarch                             10:svn64386-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jslectureplanner.noarch                          10:svn57095-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jslectureplanner-doc.noarch                      10:svn57095-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jumplines.noarch                                 10:svn37553.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-jumplines-doc.noarch                             10:svn37553.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-junicode.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-junicode-doc.noarch                              10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jupynotex.noarch                                 10:svn56715-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-jura.noarch                                      10:svn15878.4.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-jura-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.4.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-juraabbrev.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-juraabbrev-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-jurabib.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-jurabib-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-juramisc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.91-3.an23             updates 
texlive-juramisc-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.91-3.an23             updates 
texlive-jurarsp.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0.52-3.an23             updates 
texlive-jurarsp-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.52-3.an23             updates 
texlive-jvlisting.noarch                                 10:svn24638.0.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-jvlisting-doc.noarch                             10:svn24638.0.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-kalendarium.noarch                               10:svn48744-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kanaparser.noarch                                10:svn48052-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kanbun.noarch                                    10:svn62026-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kantlipsum.noarch                                10:svn51727-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kantlipsum-doc.noarch                            10:svn51727-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-karnaugh.noarch                                  10:svn21338.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-karnaugh-doc.noarch                              10:svn21338.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-karnaugh-map.noarch                              10:svn61614-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-karnaughmap.noarch                               10:svn36989.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-karnaughmap-doc.noarch                           10:svn36989.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-kastrup.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-kastrup-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-kaytannollista-latexia.noarch                    10:svn64278-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kblocks.noarch                                   10:svn57617-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kdgdocs.noarch                                   10:svn24498.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-kdgdocs-doc.noarch                               10:svn24498.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-kdpcover.noarch                                  10:svn65150-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kerkis.noarch                                    10:svn56271-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kerkis-doc.noarch                                10:svn56271-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kerntest.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.32-3.an23             updates 
texlive-kerntest-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.32-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ketcindy.noarch                                  10:svn58661-14.an23                 os      
texlive-keycommand.noarch                                10:svn18042.3.1415-3.an23           updates 
texlive-keycommand-doc.noarch                            10:svn18042.3.1415-3.an23           updates 
texlive-keyfloat.noarch                                  10:svn61561-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-keyindex.noarch                                  10:svn50828-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-keyparse.noarch                                  10:svn60277-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-keyreader.noarch                                 10:svn28195.0.5b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-keyreader-doc.noarch                             10:svn28195.0.5b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-keystroke.noarch                                 10:svn17992.v1.6-3.an23             updates 
texlive-keystroke-doc.noarch                             10:svn17992.v1.6-3.an23             updates 
texlive-keyval2e.noarch                                  10:svn23698.0.0.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-keyval2e-doc.noarch                              10:svn23698.0.0.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-keyvaltable.noarch                               10:svn54677-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-keyvaltable-doc.noarch                           10:svn54677-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kfupm-math-exam.noarch                           10:svn63977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kinematikz.noarch                                10:svn61392-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kix.noarch                                       10:svn21606.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-kix-doc.noarch                                   10:svn21606.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-kixfont.noarch                                   10:svn18488.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-kixfont-doc.noarch                               10:svn18488.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-kluwer.noarch                                    10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kluwer-doc.noarch                                10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-knitting.noarch                                  10:svn50782-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-knitting-doc.noarch                              10:svn50782-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-knittingpattern.noarch                           10:svn17205.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-knittingpattern-doc.noarch                       10:svn17205.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-knowledge.noarch                                 10:svn61991-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-knuth-errata.noarch                              10:svn58682-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-knuth-hint.noarch                                10:svn62971-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                                 10:svn57963-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-knuth-local.noarch                               10:svn57963-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-knuth-pdf.noarch                                 10:svn62969-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-koma-moderncvclassic.noarch                      10:svn25025.v0.5-3.an23             updates 
texlive-koma-moderncvclassic-doc.noarch                  10:svn25025.v0.5-3.an23             updates 
texlive-koma-script.noarch                               10:svn64685-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-koma-script-examples-doc.noarch                  10:svn63833-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-koma-script-sfs.noarch                           10:svn26137.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-koma-script-sfs-doc.noarch                       10:svn26137.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-komacv.noarch                                    10:svn57721-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-komacv-doc.noarch                                10:svn57721-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-komacv-rg.noarch                                 10:svn49064-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kotex-oblivoir.noarch                            10:svn64928-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kotex-oblivoir-doc.noarch                        10:svn64928-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kotex-plain.noarch                               10:svn63689-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kotex-plain-doc.noarch                           10:svn63689-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kotex-utf.noarch                                 10:svn63690-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kotex-utf-doc.noarch                             10:svn63690-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kotex-utils.noarch                               10:svn38727-14.an23                 os      
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                                  10:svn64475-14.an23                 os      
texlive-kpfonts.noarch                                   10:svn64440-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kpfonts-doc.noarch                               10:svn64440-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kpfonts-otf.noarch                               10:svn65082-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ksfh_nat.noarch                                  10:svn24825.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ksp-thesis.noarch                                10:svn39080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ksp-thesis-doc.noarch                            10:svn39080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ktv-texdata.noarch                               10:svn27369.05.34-3.an23            updates 
texlive-ktv-texdata-doc.noarch                           10:svn27369.05.34-3.an23            updates 
texlive-ku-template.noarch                               10:svn45935-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kurdishlipsum.noarch                             10:svn47518-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kurier.noarch                                    10:svn19612.0.995b-3.an23           updates 
texlive-kurier-doc.noarch                                10:svn19612.0.995b-3.an23           updates 
texlive-kvdefinekeys.noarch                              10:svn53193-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kvmap.noarch                                     10:svn56361-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kvoptions.noarch                                 10:svn63622-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-kvsetkeys.noarch                                 10:svn64632-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-l2picfaq-doc.noarch                              10:svn19601.1.50-3.an23             updates 
texlive-l2tabu-doc.noarch                                10:svn63708-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-l2tabu-english-doc.noarch                        10:svn15878.1.8.5.7-3.an23          updates 
texlive-l2tabu-french-doc.noarch                         10:svn31315.2.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-l2tabu-italian-doc.noarch                        10:svn25218.2.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-l2tabu-spanish-doc.noarch                        10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-l3backend.noarch                                 10:svn64836-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-l3build.noarch                                   10:svn64402-14.an23                 os      
texlive-l3experimental.noarch                            10:svn63089-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-l3experimental-doc.noarch                        10:svn63089-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                                  10:svn65299-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-l3kernel-doc.noarch                              10:svn65299-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-l3packages.noarch                                10:svn65300-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-l3packages-doc.noarch                            10:svn65300-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-labbook.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-labbook-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-labels.noarch                                    10:svn15878.13-3.an23               updates 
texlive-labels-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.13-3.an23               updates 
texlive-labels4easylist.noarch                           10:svn51124-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-labelschanged.noarch                             10:svn46040-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-labyrinth.noarch                                 10:svn33454.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-labyrinth-doc.noarch                             10:svn33454.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lacheck.x86_64                                   10:svn54070-14.an23                 os      
texlive-ladder.noarch                                    10:svn44394-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lambda.noarch                                    10:svn45756-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lambda-lists.noarch                              10:svn31402.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-lambda-lists-doc.noarch                          10:svn31402.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-lambdax.noarch                                   10:svn60278-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-langcode.noarch                                  10:svn27764.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-langcode-doc.noarch                              10:svn27764.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-langnames.noarch                                 10:svn64376-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-langsci.noarch                                   10:svn62061-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-langsci-avm.noarch                               10:svn55846-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-langsci-doc.noarch                               10:svn62061-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lapdf.noarch                                     10:svn23806.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lapdf-doc.noarch                                 10:svn23806.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lastpackage.noarch                               10:svn34481.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lastpackage-doc.noarch                           10:svn34481.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lastpage.noarch                                  10:svn60414-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lastpage-doc.noarch                              10:svn60414-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex.noarch                                     10:svn63825-14.an23                 os      
texlive-latex-base-dev.noarch                            10:svn65180-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex-bin-dev.noarch                             10:svn62387-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex-brochure-doc.noarch                        10:svn40612-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex-course-doc.noarch                          10:svn25505.2-3.an23                updates 
texlive-latex-doc-ptr-doc.noarch                         10:svn57311-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex-firstaid-dev.noarch                        10:svn65181-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                               10:svn28888.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-latex-fonts-doc.noarch                           10:svn28888.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-latex-for-undergraduates.noarch                  10:svn64647-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex-git-log.noarch                             10:svn54010-14.an23                 os      
texlive-latex-graphics-companion-doc.noarch              10:svn29235.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-latex-graphics-dev.noarch                        10:svn64899-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex-lab.noarch                                 10:svn64892-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex-make.noarch                                10:svn60874-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex-make-doc.noarch                            10:svn60874-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex-mr-doc.noarch                              10:svn55475-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex-notes-zh-cn-doc.noarch                     10:svn15878.1.20-3.an23             updates 
texlive-latex-papersize.noarch                           10:svn53131-14.an23                 os      
texlive-latex-refsheet-doc.noarch                        10:svn45076-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex-uni8.noarch                                10:svn49729-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex-veryshortguide-doc.noarch                  10:svn55228-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex-via-exemplos.noarch                        10:svn63374-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex-web-companion-doc.noarch                   10:svn29349.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo.noarch                      10:svn61750-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo-doc.noarch                  10:svn61750-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo-fr-doc.noarch               10:svn64228-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo-spanish.noarch              10:svn61937-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo-spanish-doc.noarch          10:svn61937-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex2man.noarch                                 10:svn64477-14.an23                 os      
texlive-latex2nemeth.noarch                              10:svn64291-14.an23                 os      
texlive-latex4musicians.noarch                           10:svn49759-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latex4wp-doc.noarch                              10:svn35999.1.0.10-3.an23           updates 
texlive-latex4wp-it-doc.noarch                           10:svn36000.1.0.10-3.an23           updates 
texlive-latexbangla.noarch                               10:svn55475-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latexbug.noarch                                  10:svn63596-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latexcheat-de-doc.noarch                         10:svn35702.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-latexcheat-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.1.13-3.an23             updates 
texlive-latexcheat-esmx-doc.noarch                       10:svn36866.2.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-latexcheat-ptbr-doc.noarch                       10:svn15878.1.13-3.an23             updates 
texlive-latexcolors.noarch                               10:svn49888-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                               10:svn53525-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latexcourse-rug-doc.noarch                       10:svn39026-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latexdemo.noarch                                 10:svn55265-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latexdemo-doc.noarch                             10:svn55265-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latexdiff.noarch                                 10:svn61434-14.an23                 os      
texlive-latexfileinfo-pkgs.noarch                        10:svn26760.0.22-3.an23             updates 
texlive-latexfileinfo-pkgs-doc.noarch                    10:svn26760.0.22-3.an23             updates 
texlive-latexfileversion.noarch                          10:svn29349-14.an23                 os      
texlive-latexgit.noarch                                  10:svn54811-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latexindent.noarch                               10:svn63581-14.an23                 os      
texlive-latexmp.noarch                                   10:svn55643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latexmp-doc.noarch                               10:svn55643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-latexpand.noarch                                 10:svn53109-14.an23                 os      
texlive-latino-sine-flexione.noarch                      10:svn53485-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lato.noarch                                      10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lato-doc.noarch                                  10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-layaureo.noarch                                  10:svn19087.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-layaureo-doc.noarch                              10:svn19087.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-layouts.noarch                                   10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-layouts-doc.noarch                               10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lazylist.noarch                                  10:svn17691.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-lazylist-doc.noarch                              10:svn17691.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-lccaps.noarch                                    10:svn46432-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lcd.noarch                                       10:svn16549.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lcd-doc.noarch                                   10:svn16549.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lcdftypetools.x86_64                             10:svn52851-14.an23                 os      
texlive-lcg.noarch                                       10:svn31474.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lcg-doc.noarch                                   10:svn31474.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lcyw.noarch                                      10:svn15878.v1.1-3.an23             updates 
texlive-lcyw-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.v1.1-3.an23             updates 
texlive-leading.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-leading-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-leadsheets.noarch                                10:svn61504-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-leadsheets-doc.noarch                            10:svn61504-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-leaflet.noarch                                   10:svn56878-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-leaflet-doc.noarch                               10:svn56878-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lebhart.noarch                                   10:svn64280-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lecturer.noarch                                  10:svn23916.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-lecturer-doc.noarch                              10:svn23916.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-lectures.noarch                                  10:svn53642-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lectureslides.noarch                             10:svn62292-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ledmac.noarch                                    10:svn41811-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ledmac-doc.noarch                                10:svn41811-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-leftidx.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-leftidx-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-leftindex.noarch                                 10:svn56182-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-leipzig.noarch                                   10:svn52450-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-leipzig-doc.noarch                               10:svn52450-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lengthconvert.noarch                             10:svn55064-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lengthconvert-doc.noarch                         10:svn55064-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-letgut.noarch                                    10:svn64618-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-letltxmacro.noarch                               10:svn53022-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-letterspacing.noarch                             10:svn54266-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-letterswitharrows.noarch                         10:svn59993-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lettre.noarch                                    10:svn54722-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lettre-doc.noarch                                10:svn54722-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lettrine.noarch                                  10:svn64511-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lettrine-doc.noarch                              10:svn64511-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-levy.noarch                                      10:svn21750.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-levy-doc.noarch                                  10:svn21750.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-lewis.noarch                                     10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lewis-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lexend.noarch                                    10:svn57564-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lexikon.noarch                                   10:svn17364.1.0c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-lexikon-doc.noarch                               10:svn17364.1.0c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-lexref.noarch                                    10:svn36026.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-lexref-doc.noarch                                10:svn36026.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-lfb.noarch                                       10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lfb-doc.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lgreek.noarch                                    10:svn21818.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-lgreek-doc.noarch                                10:svn21818.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-lh.noarch                                        10:svn15878.3.5g-3.an23             updates 
texlive-lh-doc.noarch                                    10:svn15878.3.5g-3.an23             updates 
texlive-lhcyr.noarch                                     10:svn31795.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-lhelp.noarch                                     10:svn23638.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lhelp-doc.noarch                                 10:svn23638.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lib.x86_64                                       10:20220321-14.an23                 os      
texlive-lib-devel.x86_64                                 10:20220321-14.an23                 os      
texlive-libertine.noarch                                 10:svn64359-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-libertine-doc.noarch                             10:svn64359-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-libertinegc.noarch                               10:svn44616-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-libertinegc-doc.noarch                           10:svn44616-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-libertinus.noarch                                10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-libertinus-doc.noarch                            10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-libertinus-fonts.noarch                          10:svn57948-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-libertinus-otf.noarch                            10:svn60023-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-libertinus-type1.noarch                          10:svn64958-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-libertinust1math.noarch                          10:svn61751-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-libertinust1math-doc.noarch                      10:svn61751-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-libgreek.noarch                                  10:svn65004-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-libgreek-doc.noarch                              10:svn65004-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-librarian.noarch                                 10:svn19880.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-librarian-doc.noarch                             10:svn19880.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-librebaskerville.noarch                          10:svn64421-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-librebaskerville-doc.noarch                      10:svn64421-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-librebodoni.noarch                               10:svn64431-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-librebodoni-doc.noarch                           10:svn64431-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-librecaslon.noarch                               10:svn64432-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-librecaslon-doc.noarch                           10:svn64432-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-librefranklin.noarch                             10:svn64441-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-libris.noarch                                    10:svn19409.1.007-3.an23            updates 
texlive-libris-doc.noarch                                10:svn19409.1.007-3.an23            updates 
texlive-lie-hasse.noarch                                 10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-liftarm.noarch                                   10:svn62981-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-light-latex-make.x86_64                          10:svn60558-14.an23                 os      
texlive-ligtype.noarch                                   10:svn63577-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lilyglyphs.noarch                                10:svn56473-14.an23                 os      
texlive-limap.noarch                                     10:svn44863-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-limecv.noarch                                    10:svn61199-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lineara.noarch                                   10:svn63169-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lineara-doc.noarch                               10:svn63169-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-linebreaker.noarch                               10:svn62663-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-linegoal.noarch                                  10:svn21523.2.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-linegoal-doc.noarch                              10:svn21523.2.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lineno.noarch                                    10:svn65204-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lineno-doc.noarch                                10:svn65204-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ling-macros.noarch                               10:svn42268-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-linguex.noarch                                   10:svn30815.4.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-linguex-doc.noarch                               10:svn30815.4.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-linguisticspro.noarch                            10:svn64858-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-linop.noarch                                     10:svn41304-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-linop-doc.noarch                                 10:svn41304-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lion-msc.noarch                                  10:svn55415-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lipsum.noarch                                    10:svn60561-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lipsum-doc.noarch                                10:svn60561-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lisp-on-tex.noarch                               10:svn38722-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lisp-on-tex-doc.noarch                           10:svn38722-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-listbib.noarch                                   10:svn29349-14.an23                 os      
texlive-listing.noarch                                   10:svn17373.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-listing-doc.noarch                               10:svn17373.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-listings.noarch                                  10:svn55265-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-listings-doc.noarch                              10:svn55265-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-listings-ext.noarch                              10:svn29349-14.an23                 os      
texlive-listingsutf8.noarch                              10:svn53097-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-listlbls.noarch                                  10:svn34893.1.03-3.an23             updates 
texlive-listlbls-doc.noarch                              10:svn34893.1.03-3.an23             updates 
texlive-listliketab.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-listliketab-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-listofitems.noarch                               10:svn51923-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-listofsymbols.noarch                             10:svn16134.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-listofsymbols-doc.noarch                         10:svn16134.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lithuanian.noarch                                10:svn46039-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lithuanian-doc.noarch                            10:svn46039-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-liturg.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-liturg-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lkproof.noarch                                   10:svn20021.3.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lkproof-doc.noarch                               10:svn20021.3.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-llncs.noarch                                     10:svn64299-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-llncsconf.noarch                                 10:svn63136-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lm.noarch                                        10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lm-doc.noarch                                    10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lm-math.noarch                                   10:svn36915.1.959-3.an23            updates 
texlive-lm-math-doc.noarch                               10:svn36915.1.959-3.an23            updates 
texlive-lmake.noarch                                     10:svn25552.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lmake-doc.noarch                                 10:svn25552.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lni.noarch                                       10:svn58061-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lobster2.noarch                                  10:svn64442-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lobster2-doc.noarch                              10:svn64442-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-locality.noarch                                  10:svn20422.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-locality-doc.noarch                              10:svn20422.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-localloc.noarch                                  10:svn56496-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-localloc-doc.noarch                              10:svn56496-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-logbox.noarch                                    10:svn24499.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-logbox-doc.noarch                                10:svn24499.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-logical-markup-utils.noarch                      10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-logical-markup-utils-doc.noarch                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-logicproof.noarch                                10:svn33254.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-logicproof-doc.noarch                            10:svn33254.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-logicpuzzle.noarch                               10:svn34491.2.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-logicpuzzle-doc.noarch                           10:svn34491.2.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-logix.noarch                                     10:svn63688-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-logpap.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-logpap-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-logreq.noarch                                    10:svn53003-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-logreq-doc.noarch                                10:svn53003-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lollipop.noarch                                  10:svn45678-14.an23                 os      
texlive-longdivision.noarch                              10:svn59979-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-longfbox.noarch                                  10:svn39028-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-longfbox-doc.noarch                              10:svn39028-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-longfigure.noarch                                10:svn34302.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-longfigure-doc.noarch                            10:svn34302.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-longnamefilelist.noarch                          10:svn27889.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-longnamefilelist-doc.noarch                      10:svn27889.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-loops.noarch                                     10:svn30704.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-loops-doc.noarch                                 10:svn30704.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lpform.noarch                                    10:svn36918.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-lpform-doc.noarch                                10:svn36918.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-lpic.noarch                                      10:svn20843.0.8-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lpic-doc.noarch                                  10:svn20843.0.8-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lplfitch.noarch                                  10:svn31077.0.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lplfitch-doc.noarch                              10:svn31077.0.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lps.noarch                                       10:svn21322.0.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lps-doc.noarch                                   10:svn21322.0.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lroundrect.noarch                                10:svn39804-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lroundrect-doc.noarch                            10:svn39804-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lsc.noarch                                       10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-lsc-doc.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-lshort-bulgarian-doc.noarch                      10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-lshort-chinese-doc.noarch                        10:svn61100-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lshort-czech-doc.noarch                          10:svn55643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lshort-dutch-doc.noarch                          10:svn15878.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lshort-english-doc.noarch                        10:svn58309-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lshort-estonian-doc.noarch                       10:svn39323-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lshort-finnish-doc.noarch                        10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-lshort-french-doc.noarch                         10:svn23332.5.01fr_0-3.an23         updates 
texlive-lshort-german-doc.noarch                         10:svn55643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lshort-italian-doc.noarch                        10:svn57038-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lshort-japanese-doc.noarch                       10:svn36207.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-lshort-korean-doc.noarch                         10:svn58468-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lshort-mongol-doc.noarch                         10:svn15878.4.26-3.an23             updates 
texlive-lshort-persian-doc.noarch                        10:svn31296.5.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-lshort-polish-doc.noarch                         10:svn63289-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lshort-portuguese-doc.noarch                     10:svn55643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lshort-russian-doc.noarch                        10:svn55643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lshort-slovak-doc.noarch                         10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-lshort-slovenian-doc.noarch                      10:svn55643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lshort-spanish-doc.noarch                        10:svn35050.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lshort-thai-doc.noarch                           10:svn55643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lshort-turkish-doc.noarch                        10:svn15878.4.20-3.an23             updates 
texlive-lshort-ukr-doc.noarch                            10:svn55643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lshort-vietnamese-doc.noarch                     10:svn55643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lstaddons.noarch                                 10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lstaddons-doc.noarch                             10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lstbayes.noarch                                  10:svn48160-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lstbayes-doc.noarch                              10:svn48160-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lstfiracode.noarch                               10:svn49503-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lt3graph.noarch                                  10:svn45913-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lt3graph-doc.noarch                              10:svn45913-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lt3luabridge.noarch                              10:svn64801-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lt3rawobjects.noarch                             10:svn65230-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ltablex.noarch                                   10:svn34923.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ltablex-doc.noarch                               10:svn34923.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ltabptch.noarch                                  10:svn17533.1.74d-3.an23            updates 
texlive-ltabptch-doc.noarch                              10:svn17533.1.74d-3.an23            updates 
texlive-ltb2bib.noarch                                   10:svn43746-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ltxcmds.noarch                                   10:svn56421-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ltxdockit.noarch                                 10:svn21869.1.2d-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ltxdockit-doc.noarch                             10:svn21869.1.2d-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ltxfileinfo.noarch                               10:svn38663-14.an23                 os      
texlive-ltxguidex.noarch                                 10:svn50992-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ltximg.noarch                                    10:svn59335-14.an23                 os      
texlive-ltxkeys.noarch                                   10:svn28332.0.0.3c-3.an23           updates 
texlive-ltxkeys-doc.noarch                               10:svn28332.0.0.3c-3.an23           updates 
texlive-ltxmisc.noarch                                   10:svn21927.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ltxnew.noarch                                    10:svn21586.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ltxnew-doc.noarch                                10:svn21586.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ltxtools.noarch                                  10:svn24897.0.0.1a-3.an23           updates 
texlive-ltxtools-doc.noarch                              10:svn24897.0.0.1a-3.an23           updates 
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                            10:svn56414-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lua-alt-getopt-doc.noarch                        10:svn56414-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lua-check-hyphen.noarch                          10:svn47527-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lua-check-hyphen-doc.noarch                      10:svn47527-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lua-physical.noarch                              10:svn59138-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lua-typo.noarch                                  10:svn59457-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lua-uca.noarch                                   10:svn61023-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lua-ul.noarch                                    10:svn63469-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lua-uni-algos.noarch                             10:svn62204-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lua-visual-debug.noarch                          10:svn57349-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lua-visual-debug-doc.noarch                      10:svn57349-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lua-widow-control.noarch                         10:svn65084-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luaaddplot.noarch                                10:svn62842-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luabibentry.noarch                               10:svn55777-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luabibentry-doc.noarch                           10:svn55777-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luabidi.noarch                                   10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luabidi-doc.noarch                               10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luacas.noarch                                    10:svn65042-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luacensor.noarch                                 10:svn62167-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luacode.noarch                                   10:svn25193.1.2a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-luacode-doc.noarch                               10:svn25193.1.2a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-luacolor.noarch                                  10:svn57829-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luafindfont.noarch                               10:svn64270-14.an23                 os      
texlive-luahbtex.x86_64                                  10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-luahyphenrules.noarch                            10:svn56200-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luaimageembed.noarch                             10:svn50788-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luaindex.noarch                                  10:svn25882.0.1b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-luaindex-doc.noarch                              10:svn25882.0.1b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-luainputenc.noarch                               10:svn20491.0.973-3.an23            updates 
texlive-luainputenc-doc.noarch                           10:svn20491.0.973-3.an23            updates 
texlive-luaintro-doc.noarch                              10:svn35490.0.03-3.an23             updates 
texlive-luajittex.x86_64                                 10:svn62774-14.an23                 os      
texlive-luakeys.noarch                                   10:svn65346-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lualatex-doc-de-doc.noarch                       10:svn30474.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-lualatex-doc-doc.noarch                          10:svn30473.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-lualatex-math.noarch                             10:svn61464-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lualatex-math-doc.noarch                         10:svn61464-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lualatex-truncate.noarch                         10:svn48469-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lualibs.noarch                                   10:svn64615-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lualibs-doc.noarch                               10:svn64615-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luamathalign.noarch                              10:svn63226-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luamesh.noarch                                   10:svn63875-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luamodulartables.noarch                          10:svn65354-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luamplib.noarch                                  10:svn61587-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luamplib-doc.noarch                              10:svn61587-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luaoptions.noarch                                10:svn64870-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                                10:svn64616-14.an23                 os      
texlive-luapackageloader.noarch                          10:svn54779-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luaprogtable.noarch                              10:svn56113-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luapstricks.noarch                               10:svn64345-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luaquotes.noarch                                 10:svn65255-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luarandom.noarch                                 10:svn49419-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luasseq.noarch                                   10:svn37877.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-luasseq-doc.noarch                               10:svn37877.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-luatex.x86_64                                    10:svn64839-14.an23                 os      
texlive-luatex85.noarch                                  10:svn41456-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luatex85-doc.noarch                              10:svn41456-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                                10:svn52663-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luatexbase-doc.noarch                            10:svn52663-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luatexja.noarch                                  10:svn65267-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luatexja-doc.noarch                              10:svn65267-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luatexko.noarch                                  10:svn64893-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luatexko-doc.noarch                              10:svn64893-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luatextra.noarch                                 10:svn20747.1.0.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-luatextra-doc.noarch                             10:svn20747.1.0.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-luatodonotes.noarch                              10:svn53825-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luatodonotes-doc.noarch                          10:svn53825-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luatruthtable.noarch                             10:svn64508-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luavlna.noarch                                   10:svn64142-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luaxml.noarch                                    10:svn60709-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-luaxml-doc.noarch                                10:svn60709-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lutabulartools.noarch                            10:svn65153-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lwarp.noarch                                     10:svn63905-14.an23                 os      
texlive-lxfonts.noarch                                   10:svn32354.2.0b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-lxfonts-doc.noarch                               10:svn32354.2.0b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ly1.noarch                                       10:svn63565-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ly1-doc.noarch                                   10:svn63565-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-lyluatex.noarch                                  10:svn51252-14.an23                 os      
texlive-m-tx.x86_64                                      10:svn64182-14.an23                 os      
texlive-macrolist.noarch                                 10:svn60139-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-macros2e-doc.noarch                              10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-macroswap.noarch                                 10:svn31498.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-macroswap-doc.noarch                             10:svn31498.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mafr.noarch                                      10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mafr-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-magaz.noarch                                     10:svn24694.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-magaz-doc.noarch                                 10:svn24694.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-magicnum.noarch                                  10:svn52983-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-magicwatermark.noarch                            10:svn63656-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-magra.noarch                                     10:svn57373-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mahjong.noarch                                   10:svn58896-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mailing.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-mailing-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-mailmerge.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mailmerge-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-make4ht.noarch                                   10:svn62953-14.an23                 os      
texlive-makebarcode.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-makebarcode-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-makebase.noarch                                  10:svn41012-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-makebase-doc.noarch                              10:svn41012-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-makebox.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-makebox-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-makecell.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.1e-3.an23             updates 
texlive-makecell-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.1e-3.an23             updates 
texlive-makecirc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-makecirc-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-makecmds.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-makecmds-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-makecookbook.noarch                              10:svn49311-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-makedtx.noarch                                   10:svn46702-14.an23                 os      
texlive-makeglos.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-makeglos-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-makeindex.x86_64                                 10:svn62517-14.an23                 os      
texlive-makelabels.noarch                                10:svn60255-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-makeplot.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.0.6-3.an23            updates 
texlive-makeplot-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.0.6-3.an23            updates 
texlive-maker.noarch                                     10:svn44823-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-makerobust.noarch                                10:svn52811-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-makeshape.noarch                                 10:svn28973.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-makeshape-doc.noarch                             10:svn28973.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mandi.noarch                                     10:svn61764-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mandi-doc.noarch                                 10:svn61764-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-manfnt.noarch                                    10:svn54684-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-manfnt-font.noarch                               10:svn45777-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-manuscript.noarch                                10:svn36110.1.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-manuscript-doc.noarch                            10:svn36110.1.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-manyind.noarch                                   10:svn49874-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-marathi.noarch                                   10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-marcellus.noarch                                 10:svn64451-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-margbib.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.0c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-margbib-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.0c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-marginfit.noarch                                 10:svn48281-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-marginfix.noarch                                 10:svn55064-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-marginfix-doc.noarch                             10:svn55064-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-marginnote.noarch                                10:svn48383-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-marginnote-doc.noarch                            10:svn48383-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-markdown.noarch                                  10:svn65346-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-markdown-doc.noarch                              10:svn65346-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-marvosym.noarch                                  10:svn29349.2.2a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-marvosym-doc.noarch                              10:svn29349.2.2a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-matapli.noarch                                   10:svn62632-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-matc3.noarch                                     10:svn29845.1.0.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-matc3-doc.noarch                                 10:svn29845.1.0.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-matc3mem.noarch                                  10:svn35773.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-matc3mem-doc.noarch                              10:svn35773.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-match_parens.noarch                              10:svn36270-14.an23                 os      
texlive-math-into-latex-4-doc.noarch                     10:svn44131-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mathabx.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-mathabx-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-mathabx-type1.noarch                             10:svn21129.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-mathabx-type1-doc.noarch                         10:svn21129.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-mathalpha.noarch                                 10:svn61089-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mathalpha-doc.noarch                             10:svn61089-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mathastext.noarch                                10:svn64930-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mathastext-doc.noarch                            10:svn64930-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mathcommand.noarch                               10:svn59512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mathcomp.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.1f-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mathcomp-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.1f-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mathdesign.noarch                                10:svn31639.2.31-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mathdesign-doc.noarch                            10:svn31639.2.31-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mathdots.noarch                                  10:svn34301.0.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mathdots-doc.noarch                              10:svn34301.0.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mathexam.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mathexam-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mathfam256.noarch                                10:svn53519-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mathfixs.noarch                                  10:svn49547-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mathfont.noarch                                  10:svn65205-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mathlig.noarch                                   10:svn54244-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mathpartir.noarch                                10:svn39864-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mathpartir-doc.noarch                            10:svn39864-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mathpazo.noarch                                  10:svn52663-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mathpazo-doc.noarch                              10:svn52663-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mathpunctspace.noarch                            10:svn46754-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-maths-symbols-doc.noarch                         10:svn37763.3.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mathsemantics.noarch                             10:svn63241-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mathspec.noarch                                  10:svn42773-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mathspec-doc.noarch                              10:svn42773-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mathspic.noarch                                  10:svn31957-14.an23                 os      
texlive-mathtools.noarch                                 10:svn63767-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mathtools-doc.noarch                             10:svn63767-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-matlab-prettifier.noarch                         10:svn34323.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-matlab-prettifier-doc.noarch                     10:svn34323.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-matrix-skeleton.noarch                           10:svn65013-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mattens.noarch                                   10:svn62326-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mattens-doc.noarch                               10:svn62326-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-maybemath.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-maybemath-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-mcaption.noarch                                  10:svn15878.3.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mcaption-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.3.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mceinleger.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-mceinleger-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-mcexam.noarch                                    10:svn60481-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mcf2graph.noarch                                 10:svn64999-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mcf2graph-doc.noarch                             10:svn64999-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mcite.noarch                                     10:svn18173.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mcite-doc.noarch                                 10:svn18173.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mciteplus.noarch                                 10:svn31648.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mciteplus-doc.noarch                             10:svn31648.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mcmthesis.noarch                                 10:svn57333-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mcmthesis-doc.noarch                             10:svn57333-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mdframed.noarch                                  10:svn31075.1.9b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mdframed-doc.noarch                              10:svn31075.1.9b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mdputu.noarch                                    10:svn20298.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mdputu-doc.noarch                                10:svn20298.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mdsymbol.noarch                                  10:svn28399.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mdsymbol-doc.noarch                              10:svn28399.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mdwtools.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.05.4-3.an23           updates 
texlive-mdwtools-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.05.4-3.an23           updates 
texlive-mecaso.noarch                                    10:svn60346-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-media4svg.noarch                                 10:svn64686-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-media9.noarch                                    10:svn64047-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-media9-doc.noarch                                10:svn64047-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-medstarbeamer.noarch                             10:svn38828-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-medstarbeamer-doc.noarch                         10:svn38828-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-meetingmins.noarch                               10:svn31878.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-meetingmins-doc.noarch                           10:svn31878.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-membranecomputing.noarch                         10:svn64627-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-memdesign-doc.noarch                             10:svn48664-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-memexsupp.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-memexsupp-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-memoir.noarch                                    10:svn65040-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-memoir-doc.noarch                                10:svn65040-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-memoirchapterstyles-doc.noarch                   10:svn59766-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-memory.noarch                                    10:svn30452.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-memory-doc.noarch                                10:svn30452.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-memorygraphs.noarch                              10:svn49631-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mendex-doc.noarch                                10:svn62914-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mensa-tex.noarch                                 10:svn45997-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mentis.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mentis-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-menu.noarch                                      10:svn15878.0.994-3.an23            updates 
texlive-menu-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.994-3.an23            updates 
texlive-menucard.noarch                                  10:svn55643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-menukeys.noarch                                  10:svn64314-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-menukeys-doc.noarch                              10:svn64314-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mercatormap.noarch                               10:svn56060-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-merriweather.noarch                              10:svn64452-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-merriweather-doc.noarch                          10:svn64452-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-messagepassing.noarch                            10:svn63116-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-metafont.x86_64                                  10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-metafont-beginners-doc.noarch                    10:svn29803.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-metago.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-metago-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-metalogo.noarch                                  10:svn18611.0.12-3.an23             updates 
texlive-metalogo-doc.noarch                              10:svn18611.0.12-3.an23             updates 
texlive-metalogox.noarch                                 10:svn49774-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-metanorma.noarch                                 10:svn55010-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-metaobj.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0.93-3.an23             updates 
texlive-metaobj-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.93-3.an23             updates 
texlive-metaplot.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.91-3.an23             updates 
texlive-metaplot-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.91-3.an23             updates 
texlive-metapost.x86_64                                  10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-metapost-colorbrewer.noarch                      10:svn48753-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-metapost-examples-doc.noarch                     10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-metastr.noarch                                   10:svn56246-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-metatex.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-metatex-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-metatype1.noarch                                 10:svn37105-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-metauml.noarch                                   10:svn49923-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-metauml-doc.noarch                               10:svn49923-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-method.noarch                                    10:svn17485.2.0b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-method-doc.noarch                                10:svn17485.2.0b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-metre.noarch                                     10:svn18489.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-metre-doc.noarch                                 10:svn18489.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-metrix.noarch                                    10:svn52323-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-metrix-doc.noarch                                10:svn52323-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mex.noarch                                       10:svn58661-14.an23                 os      
texlive-mf2pt1.noarch                                    10:svn61217-14.an23                 os      
texlive-mfirstuc.noarch                                  10:svn64743-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mfirstuc-doc.noarch                              10:svn64743-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mflogo.noarch                                    10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mflogo-doc.noarch                                10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mflogo-font.noarch                               10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mflogo-font-doc.noarch                           10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mflua.x86_64                                     10:svn62774-14.an23                 os      
texlive-mfnfss.noarch                                    10:svn46036-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mfnfss-doc.noarch                                10:svn46036-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mfpic.noarch                                     10:svn28444.1.10-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mfpic-doc.noarch                                 10:svn28444.1.10-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mfpic4ode.noarch                                 10:svn17745.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mfpic4ode-doc.noarch                             10:svn17745.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mftinc.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mftinc-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mfware.x86_64                                    10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-mgltex.noarch                                    10:svn63255-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mhchem.noarch                                    10:svn61456-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mhchem-doc.noarch                                10:svn61456-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mhequ.noarch                                     10:svn64978-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mhequ-doc.noarch                                 10:svn64978-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mi-solns.noarch                                  10:svn49651-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-miama.noarch                                     10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-miama-doc.noarch                                 10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-microtype.noarch                                 10:svn63708-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-microtype-de-doc.noarch                          10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-microtype-doc.noarch                             10:svn63708-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-midnight.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-midnight-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-midpage.noarch                                   10:svn17484.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-midpage-doc.noarch                               10:svn17484.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-miller.noarch                                    10:svn18789.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-miller-doc.noarch                                10:svn18789.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-milog.noarch                                     10:svn41610-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-milsymb.noarch                                   10:svn54361-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mindflow.noarch                                  10:svn65236-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-minibox.noarch                                   10:svn30914.0.2a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-minibox-doc.noarch                               10:svn30914.0.2a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-minidocument.noarch                              10:svn43752-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-minifp.noarch                                    10:svn32559.0.96-3.an23             updates 
texlive-minifp-doc.noarch                                10:svn32559.0.96-3.an23             updates 
texlive-minim.noarch                                     10:svn62419-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-minim-hatching.noarch                            10:svn62395-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-minim-math.noarch                                10:svn62419-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-minim-mp.noarch                                  10:svn62419-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-minim-pdf.noarch                                 10:svn62419-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-minim-xmp.noarch                                 10:svn62419-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-minimalist.noarch                                10:svn64280-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-minipage-marginpar.noarch                        10:svn15878.v0.2-3.an23             updates 
texlive-minipage-marginpar-doc.noarch                    10:svn15878.v0.2-3.an23             updates 
texlive-miniplot.noarch                                  10:svn17483.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-miniplot-doc.noarch                              10:svn17483.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-minitoc.noarch                                   10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-minitoc-doc.noarch                               10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-minorrevision.noarch                             10:svn32165.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-minorrevision-doc.noarch                         10:svn32165.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-minted.noarch                                    10:svn65252-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-minted-doc.noarch                                10:svn65252-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mintspirit.noarch                                10:svn64461-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mintspirit-doc.noarch                            10:svn64461-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-minutes.noarch                                   10:svn42186-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-minutes-doc.noarch                               10:svn42186-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mismath.noarch                                   10:svn65365-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-missaali.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mkgrkindex.noarch                                10:svn26313-14.an23                 os      
texlive-mkjobtexmf.noarch                                10:svn29725-14.an23                 os      
texlive-mkpattern.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mkpattern-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mkpic.noarch                                     10:svn33700-14.an23                 os      
texlive-mla-paper.noarch                                 10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mla-paper-doc.noarch                             10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mlacls.noarch                                    10:svn60508-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mleftright.noarch                                10:svn53021-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mlist.noarch                                     10:svn15878.0.6a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mlist-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0.6a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mlmodern.noarch                                  10:svn57458-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mltex.noarch                                     10:svn62145-14.an23                 os      
texlive-mluexercise.noarch                               10:svn56927-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mmap.noarch                                      10:svn15878.1.03-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mmap-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.03-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mnotes.noarch                                    10:svn63406-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mnotes-doc.noarch                                10:svn63406-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mnras.noarch                                     10:svn55729-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mnras-doc.noarch                                 10:svn55729-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mnsymbol.noarch                                  10:svn18651.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mnsymbol-doc.noarch                              10:svn18651.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-modeles-factures-belges-assocs.noarch            10:svn50010-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-moderncv.noarch                                  10:svn62128-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-moderncv-doc.noarch                              10:svn62128-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-modernposter.noarch                              10:svn47269-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-moderntimeline.noarch                            10:svn55518-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-moderntimeline-doc.noarch                        10:svn55518-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-modes.noarch                                     10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-modiagram.noarch                                 10:svn56886-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-modiagram-doc.noarch                             10:svn56886-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-modref.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-modref-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-modroman.noarch                                  10:svn29803.1-3.an23                updates 
texlive-modroman-doc.noarch                              10:svn29803.1-3.an23                updates 
texlive-modular.noarch                                   10:svn44142-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-modulus.noarch                                   10:svn47599-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mongolian-babel.noarch                           10:svn15878.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mongolian-babel-doc.noarch                       10:svn15878.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-monofill.noarch                                  10:svn28140.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-monofill-doc.noarch                              10:svn28140.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-montex.noarch                                    10:svn29349.IVu.04.092-3.an23       updates 
texlive-montex-doc.noarch                                10:svn29349.IVu.04.092-3.an23       updates 
texlive-montserrat.noarch                                10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-moodle.noarch                                    10:svn57683-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-moodle-doc.noarch                                10:svn57683-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-moreenum.noarch                                  10:svn24479.1.03-3.an23             updates 
texlive-moreenum-doc.noarch                              10:svn24479.1.03-3.an23             updates 
texlive-morefloats.noarch                                10:svn37927.1.0h-3.an23             updates 
texlive-morefloats-doc.noarch                            10:svn37927.1.0h-3.an23             updates 
texlive-morehype.noarch                                  10:svn38815-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-morehype-doc.noarch                              10:svn38815-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-moresize.noarch                                  10:svn17513.1.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-moresize-doc.noarch                              10:svn17513.1.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-moreverb.noarch                                  10:svn22126.2.3a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-moreverb-doc.noarch                              10:svn22126.2.3a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-morewrites.noarch                                10:svn49531-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-morewrites-doc.noarch                            10:svn49531-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-morisawa.noarch                                  10:svn46946-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-movie15.noarch                                   10:svn26473-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mp3d.noarch                                      10:svn29349.1.34-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mp3d-doc.noarch                                  10:svn29349.1.34-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mparhack.noarch                                  10:svn59066-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mparhack-doc.noarch                              10:svn59066-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mparrows.noarch                                  10:svn39729-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mparrows-doc.noarch                              10:svn39729-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mpattern.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-mpattern-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-mpcolornames.noarch                              10:svn23252.0.20-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mpcolornames-doc.noarch                          10:svn23252.0.20-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mpfonts.noarch                                   10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mpgraphics.noarch                                10:svn29776.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mpgraphics-doc.noarch                            10:svn29776.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mpman-ru-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.004-3.an23            updates 
texlive-mpostinl.noarch                                  10:svn49559-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mptopdf.noarch                                   10:svn61520-14.an23                 os      
texlive-mptrees.noarch                                   10:svn60929-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ms.noarch                                        10:svn57473-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ms-doc.noarch                                    10:svn57473-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-msc.noarch                                       10:svn63291-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-msc-doc.noarch                                   10:svn63291-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-msg.noarch                                       10:svn49578-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-msg-doc.noarch                                   10:svn49578-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mslapa.noarch                                    10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mslapa-doc.noarch                                10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-msu-thesis.noarch                                10:svn65282-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-msu-thesis-doc.noarch                            10:svn65282-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mtgreek.noarch                                   10:svn17967.1.1+-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mtgreek-doc.noarch                               10:svn17967.1.1+-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mucproc.noarch                                   10:svn43445-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mugsthesis.noarch                                10:svn64259-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mugsthesis-doc.noarch                            10:svn64259-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-muling.noarch                                    10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-multenum.noarch                                  10:svn21775.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-multenum-doc.noarch                              10:svn21775.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-multiaudience.noarch                             10:svn60688-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-multiaudience-doc.noarch                         10:svn60688-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-multibbl.noarch                                  10:svn15878.v1.1-3.an23             updates 
texlive-multibbl-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.v1.1-3.an23             updates 
texlive-multibib.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-multibib-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-multibibliography.noarch                         10:svn30939-14.an23                 os      
texlive-multicap.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-multicap-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-multicolrule.noarch                              10:svn56366-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-multidef.noarch                                  10:svn40637-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-multidef-doc.noarch                              10:svn40637-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-multido.noarch                                   10:svn18302.1.42-3.an23             updates 
texlive-multido-doc.noarch                               10:svn18302.1.42-3.an23             updates 
texlive-multienv.noarch                                  10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-multienv-doc.noarch                              10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-multiexpand.noarch                               10:svn45943-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-multiexpand-doc.noarch                           10:svn45943-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-multifootnote.noarch                             10:svn63456-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-multilang.noarch                                 10:svn49065-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-multiobjective.noarch                            10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-multiobjective-doc.noarch                        10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-multiple-choice.noarch                           10:svn63722-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-multirow.noarch                                  10:svn58396-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-multirow-doc.noarch                              10:svn58396-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-munich.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-munich-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-musical.noarch                                   10:svn54758-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-musicography.noarch                              10:svn53596-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-musikui.noarch                                   10:svn47472-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-musixguit.noarch                                 10:svn21649.1.2.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-musixguit-doc.noarch                             10:svn21649.1.2.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-musixtex.noarch                                  10:svn60382-14.an23                 os      
texlive-musixtex-fonts.noarch                            10:svn60381-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-musixtex-fonts-doc.noarch                        10:svn60381-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-musixtnt.x86_64                                  10:svn40307-14.an23                 os      
texlive-musuos.noarch                                    10:svn24857.1.1d-3.an23             updates 
texlive-musuos-doc.noarch                                10:svn24857.1.1d-3.an23             updates 
texlive-muthesis.noarch                                  10:svn23861.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-muthesis-doc.noarch                              10:svn23861.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-mversion.noarch                                  10:svn29370.1.0.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-mversion-doc.noarch                              10:svn29370.1.0.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-mwcls.noarch                                     10:svn44352-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mwcls-doc.noarch                                 10:svn44352-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mwe.noarch                                       10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mwe-doc.noarch                                   10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mweights.noarch                                  10:svn53520-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mweights-doc.noarch                              10:svn53520-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mxedruli.noarch                                  10:svn30021.3.3c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mxedruli-doc.noarch                              10:svn30021.3.3c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-mycv.noarch                                      10:svn26807.1.5.6-3.an23            updates 
texlive-mycv-doc.noarch                                  10:svn26807.1.5.6-3.an23            updates 
texlive-mylatex.noarch                                   10:svn56751-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mylatexformat.noarch                             10:svn21392.3.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mylatexformat-doc.noarch                         10:svn21392.3.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-mynsfc.noarch                                    10:svn60280-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-mynsfc-doc.noarch                                10:svn60280-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-na-box.noarch                                    10:svn45130-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-na-position.noarch                               10:svn55559-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nag.noarch                                       10:svn24741.0.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nag-doc.noarch                                   10:svn24741.0.7-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nameauth.noarch                                  10:svn58026-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nameauth-doc.noarch                              10:svn58026-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-namedef.noarch                                   10:svn55881-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-namedtensor.noarch                               10:svn65346-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-namespc.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-namespc-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-nanicolle.noarch                                 10:svn56224-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nanumtype1.noarch                                10:svn29558.3.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nanumtype1-doc.noarch                            10:svn29558.3.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nar.noarch                                       10:svn38100.3.19-3.an23             updates 
texlive-natbib.noarch                                    10:svn20668.8.31b-3.an23            updates 
texlive-natbib-doc.noarch                                10:svn20668.8.31b-3.an23            updates 
texlive-natded.noarch                                    10:svn32693.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-natded-doc.noarch                                10:svn32693.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nath.noarch                                      10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-nath-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-nature.noarch                                    10:svn21819.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nature-doc.noarch                                10:svn21819.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-navigator.noarch                                 10:svn41413-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-navigator-doc.noarch                             10:svn41413-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-navydocs.noarch                                  10:svn41643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ncclatex.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ncclatex-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ncctools.noarch                                  10:svn51810-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ncctools-doc.noarch                              10:svn51810-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nchairx.noarch                                   10:svn60196-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ncntrsbk.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nddiss.noarch                                    10:svn45107-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nddiss-doc.noarch                                10:svn45107-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ndsu-thesis.noarch                               10:svn46639-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ndsu-thesis-2022.noarch                          10:svn63881-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ndsu-thesis-doc.noarch                           10:svn46639-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-needspace.noarch                                 10:svn29601.1.3d-3.an23             updates 
texlive-needspace-doc.noarch                             10:svn29601.1.3d-3.an23             updates 
texlive-nestquot.noarch                                  10:svn27323.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-neuralnetwork.noarch                             10:svn31500.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-neuralnetwork-doc.noarch                         10:svn31500.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nevelok.noarch                                   10:svn39029-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nevelok-doc.noarch                               10:svn39029-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-newcastle-bst.noarch                             10:svn62856-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-newcommand-doc.noarch                            10:svn18704.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-newcomputermodern.noarch                         10:svn61310-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-newenviron.noarch                                10:svn29331.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-newenviron-doc.noarch                            10:svn29331.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-newfile.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.0c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-newfile-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.0c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-newfloat.noarch                                  10:svn52906-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-newlfm.noarch                                    10:svn15878.9.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-newlfm-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.9.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-newpax.noarch                                    10:svn64415-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-newpx.noarch                                     10:svn61806-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-newpx-doc.noarch                                 10:svn61806-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-newsletr.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-newsletr-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-newspaper.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-newspaper-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-newtx.noarch                                     10:svn62369-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-newtx-doc.noarch                                 10:svn62369-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-newtxsf.noarch                                   10:svn59227-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-newtxsf-doc.noarch                               10:svn59227-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-newtxtt.noarch                                   10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-newtxtt-doc.noarch                               10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-newunicodechar.noarch                            10:svn47382-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-newunicodechar-doc.noarch                        10:svn47382-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-newvbtm.noarch                                   10:svn23996.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-newvbtm-doc.noarch                               10:svn23996.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-newverbs.noarch                                  10:svn64833-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-newverbs-doc.noarch                              10:svn64833-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nextpage.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-nfssext-cfr.noarch                               10:svn43640-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nfssext-cfr-doc.noarch                           10:svn43640-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nicefilelist.noarch                              10:svn65235-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nicefilelist-doc.noarch                          10:svn65235-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-niceframe.noarch                                 10:svn36086.1.1c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-niceframe-doc.noarch                             10:svn36086.1.1c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-niceframe-type1.noarch                           10:svn44671-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nicematrix.noarch                                10:svn65253-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nicetext.noarch                                  10:svn38914-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nicetext-doc.noarch                              10:svn38914-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nidanfloat.noarch                                10:svn48295-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nih.noarch                                       10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-nih-doc.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-nihbiosketch.noarch                              10:svn54191-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nihbiosketch-doc.noarch                          10:svn54191-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nimbus15.noarch                                  10:svn58839-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nimbus15-doc.noarch                              10:svn58839-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nimsticks.noarch                                 10:svn64118-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ninecolors.noarch                                10:svn62006-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-njurepo.noarch                                   10:svn50492-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-njustthesis.noarch                               10:svn62451-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-njuthesis.noarch                                 10:svn65196-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-njuvisual.noarch                                 10:svn65261-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nkarta.noarch                                    10:svn16437.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nkarta-doc.noarch                                10:svn16437.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nl-interval.noarch                               10:svn58328-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nlctdoc.noarch                                   10:svn64708-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nlctdoc-doc.noarch                               10:svn64708-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nmbib.noarch                                     10:svn37984.1.04-3.an23             updates 
texlive-nmbib-doc.noarch                                 10:svn37984.1.04-3.an23             updates 
texlive-nndraw.noarch                                    10:svn59674-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nnext.noarch                                     10:svn56575-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-noconflict.noarch                                10:svn30140.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-noconflict-doc.noarch                            10:svn30140.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nodetree.noarch                                  10:svn65298-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-noindentafter.noarch                             10:svn59195-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-noindentafter-doc.noarch                         10:svn59195-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-noitcrul.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-noitcrul-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nolbreaks.noarch                                 10:svn26786.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nolbreaks-doc.noarch                             10:svn26786.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nomencl.noarch                                   10:svn61029-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nomencl-doc.noarch                               10:svn61029-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nomentbl.noarch                                  10:svn16549.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nomentbl-doc.noarch                              10:svn16549.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nonfloat.noarch                                  10:svn17598.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nonfloat-doc.noarch                              10:svn17598.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nonumonpart.noarch                               10:svn22114.1-3.an23                updates 
texlive-nonumonpart-doc.noarch                           10:svn22114.1-3.an23                updates 
texlive-nopageno.noarch                                  10:svn18128.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-nopageno-doc.noarch                              10:svn18128.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-norasi-c90.noarch                                10:svn60831-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-normalcolor.noarch                               10:svn40125-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-normalcolor-doc.noarch                           10:svn40125-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nostarch.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nostarch-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-notes.noarch                                     10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-notes-doc.noarch                                 10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-notes2bib.noarch                                 10:svn52231-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-notes2bib-doc.noarch                             10:svn52231-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-notespages.noarch                                10:svn41906-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-notestex.noarch                                  10:svn45396-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-notex-bst.noarch                                 10:svn42361-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-noto.noarch                                      10:svn64351-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-noto-doc.noarch                                  10:svn64351-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-noto-emoji.noarch                                10:svn62950-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-notoccite.noarch                                 10:svn18129.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-notoccite-doc.noarch                             10:svn18129.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-notomath.noarch                                  10:svn58726-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-novel.noarch                                     10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nowidow.noarch                                   10:svn24066.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nowidow-doc.noarch                               10:svn24066.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nox.noarch                                       10:svn30991.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nox-doc.noarch                                   10:svn30991.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nrc.noarch                                       10:svn29027.2.01a-3.an23            updates 
texlive-nrc-doc.noarch                                   10:svn29027.2.01a-3.an23            updates 
texlive-ntgclass.noarch                                  10:svn56959-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ntgclass-doc.noarch                              10:svn56959-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nth.noarch                                       10:svn54252-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ntheorem.noarch                                  10:svn27609.1.33-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ntheorem-doc.noarch                              10:svn27609.1.33-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ntheorem-vn-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.1.203-3.an23            updates 
texlive-nuc.noarch                                       10:svn22256.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nuc-doc.noarch                                   10:svn22256.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-nucleardata.noarch                               10:svn47307-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nucleardata-doc.noarch                           10:svn47307-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-numberedblock.noarch                             10:svn33109.1.10-3.an23             updates 
texlive-numberedblock-doc.noarch                         10:svn33109.1.10-3.an23             updates 
texlive-numberpt.noarch                                  10:svn51640-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-numerica.noarch                                  10:svn61283-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-numerica-plus.noarch                             10:svn61289-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-numerica-tables.noarch                           10:svn61288-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-numericplots.noarch                              10:svn31729.2.0.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-numericplots-doc.noarch                          10:svn31729.2.0.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-numname.noarch                                   10:svn18130.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-numname-doc.noarch                               10:svn18130.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-numnameru.noarch                                 10:svn44895-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-numprint.noarch                                  10:svn27498.1.39-3.an23             updates 
texlive-numprint-doc.noarch                              10:svn27498.1.39-3.an23             updates 
texlive-numspell.noarch                                  10:svn61132-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nunito.noarch                                    10:svn57429-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nwafuthesis.noarch                               10:svn63438-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nwejm.noarch                                     10:svn64462-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-nwejm-doc.noarch                                 10:svn64462-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-oberdiek.noarch                                  10:svn64463-14.an23                 os      
texlive-objectz.noarch                                   10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-objectz-doc.noarch                               10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-obnov.noarch                                     10:svn33355.0.11-3.an23             updates 
texlive-obnov-doc.noarch                                 10:svn33355.0.11-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ocg-p.noarch                                     10:svn28803.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ocg-p-doc.noarch                                 10:svn28803.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ocgx.noarch                                      10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ocgx-doc.noarch                                  10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ocgx2.noarch                                     10:svn65292-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ocgx2-doc.noarch                                 10:svn64048-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ocherokee.noarch                                 10:svn25689.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ocherokee-doc.noarch                             10:svn25689.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ocr-b.noarch                                     10:svn20852.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ocr-b-doc.noarch                                 10:svn20852.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ocr-b-outline.noarch                             10:svn20969.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ocr-b-outline-doc.noarch                         10:svn20969.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ocr-latex.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ocr-latex-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-octave.noarch                                    10:svn45674-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-octavo.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-octavo-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-odsfile.noarch                                   10:svn65268-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-odsfile-doc.noarch                               10:svn65268-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ofs.noarch                                       10:svn16991.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ofs-doc.noarch                                   10:svn16991.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ogham.noarch                                     10:svn24876.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ogham-doc.noarch                                 10:svn24876.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-oinuit.noarch                                    10:svn28668.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-oinuit-doc.noarch                                10:svn28668.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-old-arrows.noarch                                10:svn42872-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-old-arrows-doc.noarch                            10:svn42872-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-oldlatin.noarch                                  10:svn17932.1.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-oldlatin-doc.noarch                              10:svn17932.1.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-oldstandard.noarch                               10:svn64464-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-oldstandard-doc.noarch                           10:svn64464-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-oldstyle.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-oldstyle-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-olsak-misc.noarch                                10:svn64042-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-omega.noarch                                     10:svn33046.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-omega-doc.noarch                                 10:svn33046.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-omegaware.x86_64                                 10:svn62517-14.an23                 os      
texlive-onedown.noarch                                   10:svn59010-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-onlyamsmath.noarch                               10:svn42927-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-onlyamsmath-doc.noarch                           10:svn42927-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-onrannual.noarch                                 10:svn17474.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-onrannual-doc.noarch                             10:svn17474.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-opcit.noarch                                     10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-opcit-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-opencolor.noarch                                 10:svn64403-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-opensans.noarch                                  10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-opensans-doc.noarch                              10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-oplotsymbl.noarch                                10:svn44951-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-opteng.noarch                                    10:svn27331.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-opteng-doc.noarch                                10:svn27331.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-optex.x86_64                                     10:svn64050-14.an23                 os      
texlive-optexcount.noarch                                10:svn59817-14.an23                 os      
texlive-optidef.noarch                                   10:svn50941-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-optidef-doc.noarch                               10:svn50941-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-optional.noarch                                  10:svn18131.2.2b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-optional-doc.noarch                              10:svn18131.2.2b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-options.noarch                                   10:svn39030-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-options-doc.noarch                               10:svn39030-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-orcidlink.noarch                                 10:svn59560-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ordinalpt.noarch                                 10:svn15878.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ordinalpt-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-orientation.noarch                               10:svn57390-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-orkhun.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-orkhun-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-oscola.noarch                                    10:svn54328-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-oscola-doc.noarch                                10:svn54328-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-oswald.noarch                                    10:svn60784-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ot-tableau.noarch                                10:svn59318-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ot-tableau-doc.noarch                            10:svn59318-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-othello.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-othello-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-othelloboard.noarch                              10:svn23714.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-othelloboard-doc.noarch                          10:svn23714.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-otibet.noarch                                    10:svn45777-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-otibet-doc.noarch                                10:svn45777-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-oubraces.noarch                                  10:svn21833.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-oubraces-doc.noarch                              10:svn21833.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-oup-authoring-template.noarch                    10:svn64491-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-outerhbox.noarch                                 10:svn54254-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-outline.noarch                                   10:svn18360.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-outline-doc.noarch                               10:svn18360.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-outliner.noarch                                  10:svn21095.0.94-3.an23             updates 
texlive-outliner-doc.noarch                              10:svn21095.0.94-3.an23             updates 
texlive-outlines.noarch                                  10:svn25192.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-outlines-doc.noarch                              10:svn25192.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-outlining.noarch                                 10:svn45601-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-overlays.noarch                                  10:svn57866-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-overlock.noarch                                  10:svn64495-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-overlock-doc.noarch                              10:svn64495-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-overpic.noarch                                   10:svn53889-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-overpic-doc.noarch                               10:svn53889-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pacioli.noarch                                   10:svn24947.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-pacioli-doc.noarch                               10:svn24947.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-padauk.noarch                                    10:svn42617-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-padcount.noarch                                  10:svn47621-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pagecolor.noarch                                 10:svn65120-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pagecolor-doc.noarch                             10:svn65120-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pagecont.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pagecont-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pagegrid.noarch                                  10:svn64470-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pagella-otf.noarch                               10:svn64705-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pagenote.noarch                                  10:svn63708-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pagenote-doc.noarch                              10:svn63708-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pagerange.noarch                                 10:svn16915.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pagerange-doc.noarch                             10:svn16915.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pagesel.noarch                                   10:svn56105-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pageslts.noarch                                  10:svn39164-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pageslts-doc.noarch                              10:svn39164-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-palatino.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-palette.noarch                                   10:svn60119-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pangram.noarch                                   10:svn64783-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-paper.noarch                                     10:svn34521.1.0l-3.an23             updates 
texlive-paper-doc.noarch                                 10:svn34521.1.0l-3.an23             updates 
texlive-papercdcase.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-papercdcase-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-papermas.noarch                                  10:svn23667.1.0h-3.an23             updates 
texlive-papermas-doc.noarch                              10:svn23667.1.0h-3.an23             updates 
texlive-papertex.noarch                                  10:svn19230.1.2b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-papertex-doc.noarch                              10:svn19230.1.2b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-paracol.noarch                                   10:svn49560-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-paracol-doc.noarch                               10:svn49560-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-parades.noarch                                   10:svn40042-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-parades-doc.noarch                               10:svn40042-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-paralist.noarch                                  10:svn43021-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-paralist-doc.noarch                              10:svn43021-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-parallel.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-parallel-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-paratype.noarch                                  10:svn32859.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-paratype-doc.noarch                              10:svn32859.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-paresse.noarch                                   10:svn59228-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-paresse-doc.noarch                               10:svn59228-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-parnotes.noarch                                  10:svn51720-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-parnotes-doc.noarch                              10:svn51720-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-parrun.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-parrun-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-parsa.noarch                                     10:svn54840-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-parselines.noarch                                10:svn21475.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-parselines-doc.noarch                            10:svn21475.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-parskip.noarch                                   10:svn58358-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-parskip-doc.noarch                               10:svn58358-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pas-cours.noarch                                 10:svn55859-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pas-cours-doc.noarch                             10:svn55859-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pas-crosswords.noarch                            10:svn32313.1.03-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pas-crosswords-doc.noarch                        10:svn32313.1.03-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pas-cv.noarch                                    10:svn32263.2.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pas-cv-doc.noarch                                10:svn32263.2.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pas-tableur.noarch                               10:svn39542-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pas-tableur-doc.noarch                           10:svn39542-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pascaltriangle.noarch                            10:svn61774-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-passivetex.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-patchcmd.noarch                                  10:svn41379-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-patchcmd-doc.noarch                              10:svn41379-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-patgen.x86_64                                    10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-patgen2-tutorial-doc.noarch                      10:svn58841-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-path.noarch                                      10:svn22045.3.05-3.an23             updates 
texlive-path-doc.noarch                                  10:svn22045.3.05-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pauldoc.noarch                                   10:svn16005.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pauldoc-doc.noarch                               10:svn16005.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pawpict.noarch                                   10:svn21629.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pawpict-doc.noarch                               10:svn21629.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pax.noarch                                       10:svn63509-14.an23                 os      
texlive-pb-diagram.noarch                                10:svn15878.5.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pb-diagram-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.5.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pbalance.noarch                                  10:svn64002-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pbibtex-base.noarch                              10:svn61914-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pbibtex-base-doc.noarch                          10:svn61914-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pbibtex-manual.noarch                            10:svn62913-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pbox.noarch                                      10:svn24807.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pbox-doc.noarch                                  10:svn24807.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pbsheet.noarch                                   10:svn24830.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pbsheet-doc.noarch                               10:svn24830.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pdf-trans.noarch                                 10:svn32809.2.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pdf-trans-doc.noarch                             10:svn32809.2.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pdf14.noarch                                     10:svn17583.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pdf14-doc.noarch                                 10:svn17583.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pdfarticle.noarch                                10:svn51127-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfbook2.noarch                                  10:svn53521-14.an23                 os      
texlive-pdfcol.noarch                                    10:svn64469-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfcolmk.noarch                                  10:svn52912-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfcomment.noarch                                10:svn49047-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfcomment-doc.noarch                            10:svn49047-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfcprot.noarch                                  10:svn18735.1.7a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pdfcprot-doc.noarch                              10:svn18735.1.7a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pdfcrop.noarch                                   10:svn55435-14.an23                 os      
texlive-pdfescape.noarch                                 10:svn53082-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfextra.noarch                                  10:svn65184-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfjam.noarch                                    10:svn56991-14.an23                 os      
texlive-pdflatexpicscale.noarch                          10:svn46617-14.an23                 os      
texlive-pdflscape.noarch                                 10:svn64851-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfmanagement-testphase.noarch                   10:svn64931-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfmarginpar.noarch                              10:svn23492.0.92-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pdfmarginpar-doc.noarch                          10:svn23492.0.92-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pdfmsym.noarch                                   10:svn65324-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfoverlay.noarch                                10:svn64210-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfpagediff.noarch                               10:svn37946.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pdfpagediff-doc.noarch                           10:svn37946.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pdfpages.noarch                                  10:svn65319-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfpages-doc.noarch                              10:svn65319-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfpc.noarch                                     10:svn63866-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfpc-movie.noarch                               10:svn48245-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfprivacy.noarch                                10:svn45985-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfreview.noarch                                 10:svn50100-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfscreen.noarch                                 10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfscreen-doc.noarch                             10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfslide.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-pdfslide-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-pdfsync.noarch                                   10:svn20373.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-pdfsync-doc.noarch                               10:svn20373.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                                    10:svn64690-14.an23                 os      
texlive-pdftex-quiet.noarch                              10:svn49169-14.an23                 os      
texlive-pdftexcmds.noarch                                10:svn55777-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdftosrc.x86_64                                  10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-pdftricks.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.16-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pdftricks-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.16-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pdftricks2.noarch                                10:svn31016.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pdftricks2-doc.noarch                            10:svn31016.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pdfwin.noarch                                    10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfwin-doc.noarch                                10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfx.noarch                                      10:svn50338-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfx-doc.noarch                                  10:svn50338-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pdfxup.noarch                                    10:svn59001-14.an23                 os      
texlive-pecha.noarch                                     10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pecha-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pedigree-perl.noarch                             10:svn64227-14.an23                 os      
texlive-penlight.noarch                                  10:svn64811-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-penrose.noarch                                   10:svn57508-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-perception.noarch                                10:svn48861-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-perception-doc.noarch                            10:svn48861-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-perfectcut.noarch                                10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-perfectcut-doc.noarch                            10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-perltex.noarch                                   10:svn52162-14.an23                 os      
texlive-permute.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-permute-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-persian-bib.noarch                               10:svn37297.0.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-persian-bib-doc.noarch                           10:svn37297.0.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-petiteannonce.noarch                             10:svn25915.1.0001-3.an23           updates 
texlive-petiteannonce-doc.noarch                         10:svn25915.1.0001-3.an23           updates 
texlive-petri-nets.noarch                                10:svn39165-14.an23                 os      
texlive-pfarrei.noarch                                   10:svn31934-14.an23                 os      
texlive-pfdicons.noarch                                  10:svn60089-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgf.noarch                                       10:svn59210-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgf-blur.noarch                                  10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgf-blur-doc.noarch                              10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgf-cmykshadings.noarch                          10:svn52635-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgf-doc.noarch                                   10:svn59210-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgf-interference.noarch                          10:svn61562-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgf-periodictable.noarch                         10:svn64974-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgf-pie.noarch                                   10:svn63603-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgf-soroban.noarch                               10:svn32269.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pgf-soroban-doc.noarch                           10:svn32269.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pgf-spectra.noarch                               10:svn59827-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgf-spectra-doc.noarch                           10:svn59827-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgf-umlcd.noarch                                 10:svn63386-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgf-umlcd-doc.noarch                             10:svn63386-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgf-umlsd.noarch                                 10:svn55342-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgf-umlsd-doc.noarch                             10:svn55342-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgfgantt.noarch                                  10:svn52662-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgfgantt-doc.noarch                              10:svn52662-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgfkeyx.noarch                                   10:svn26093.0.0.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-pgfkeyx-doc.noarch                               10:svn26093.0.0.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-pgfmath-xfp.noarch                               10:svn59268-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgfmolbio.noarch                                 10:svn35152.0.21-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pgfmolbio-doc.noarch                             10:svn35152.0.21-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pgfmorepages.noarch                              10:svn54770-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgfopts.noarch                                   10:svn56615-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgfopts-doc.noarch                               10:svn56615-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgfornament.noarch                               10:svn55326-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgfornament-doc.noarch                           10:svn55326-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgfornament-han.noarch                           10:svn54191-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgfplots.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pgfplots-doc.noarch                              10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-phaistos.noarch                                  10:svn18651.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-phaistos-doc.noarch                              10:svn18651.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-phfcc.noarch                                     10:svn60731-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-phfextendedabstract.noarch                       10:svn60732-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-phffullpagefigure.noarch                         10:svn41857-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-phfnote.noarch                                   10:svn60733-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-phfparen.noarch                                  10:svn41859-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-phfqit.noarch                                    10:svn60734-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-phfquotetext.noarch                              10:svn41869-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-phfsvnwatermark.noarch                           10:svn41870-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-phfthm.noarch                                    10:svn60735-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-philex.noarch                                    10:svn36396.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-philex-doc.noarch                                10:svn36396.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-philokalia.noarch                                10:svn45356-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-philokalia-doc.noarch                            10:svn45356-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-philosophersimprint.noarch                       10:svn56954-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-philosophersimprint-doc.noarch                   10:svn56954-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-phonenumbers.noarch                              10:svn63774-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-phonetic.noarch                                  10:svn56468-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-phonetic-doc.noarch                              10:svn56468-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-phonrule.noarch                                  10:svn43963-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-phonrule-doc.noarch                              10:svn43963-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-photo.noarch                                     10:svn18739.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-photo-doc.noarch                                 10:svn18739.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-photobook.noarch                                 10:svn65022-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-physconst.noarch                                 10:svn58727-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-physics.noarch                                   10:svn28590.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-physics-doc.noarch                               10:svn28590.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-physunits.noarch                                 10:svn58728-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-piano.noarch                                     10:svn21574.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-piano-doc.noarch                                 10:svn21574.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-picinpar.noarch                                  10:svn65097-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-picinpar-doc.noarch                              10:svn65097-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pict2e.noarch                                    10:svn56504-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pict2e-doc.noarch                                10:svn56504-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pictex.noarch                                    10:svn59551-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pictex-doc.noarch                                10:svn59551-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pictex2.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-pictexsum-doc.noarch                             10:svn24965.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-picture.noarch                                   10:svn54867-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-piechartmp.noarch                                10:svn19440.0.3.0-3.an23            updates 
texlive-piechartmp-doc.noarch                            10:svn19440.0.3.0-3.an23            updates 
texlive-piff.noarch                                      10:svn21894.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-piff-doc.noarch                                  10:svn21894.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-pigpen.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pigpen-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pinlabel.noarch                                  10:svn24769.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pinlabel-doc.noarch                              10:svn24769.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pinoutikz.noarch                                 10:svn55966-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pitex.noarch                                     10:svn24731.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-pitex-doc.noarch                                 10:svn24731.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-piton.noarch                                     10:svn65143-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pittetd.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.618-3.an23            updates 
texlive-pittetd-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.618-3.an23            updates 
texlive-pixelart.noarch                                  10:svn65075-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pkfix.noarch                                     10:svn26032-14.an23                 os      
texlive-pkfix-helper.noarch                              10:svn56061-14.an23                 os      
texlive-pkgloader.noarch                                 10:svn47486-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pkgloader-doc.noarch                             10:svn47486-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pkuthss.noarch                                   10:svn64869-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pkuthss-doc.noarch                               10:svn64869-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pl.noarch                                        10:svn58661-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pl-doc.noarch                                    10:svn58661-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-placeat.noarch                                   10:svn45145-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-placeat-doc.noarch                               10:svn45145-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-placeins.noarch                                  10:svn19848.2.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-placeins-doc.noarch                              10:svn19848.2.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-placeins-plain.noarch                            10:svn15878.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-plain.noarch                                     10:svn57963-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-plain-doc-doc.noarch                             10:svn28424.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-plainpkg.noarch                                  10:svn27765.0.4a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-plainpkg-doc.noarch                              10:svn27765.0.4a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-plainyr.noarch                                   10:svn52783-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-plantslabels.noarch                              10:svn29803.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-plantslabels-doc.noarch                          10:svn29803.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-plantuml.noarch                                  10:svn55214-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-plari.noarch                                     10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-plari-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-plates.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-plates-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-platex.noarch                                    10:svn65305-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-platex-doc.noarch                                10:svn65305-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-platex-tools.noarch                              10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-platexcheat-doc.noarch                           10:svn49557-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-plautopatch.noarch                               10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-play.noarch                                      10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-play-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-playfair.noarch                                  10:svn64857-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-playfair-doc.noarch                              10:svn64857-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-plex.noarch                                      10:svn64496-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-plex-otf.noarch                                  10:svn47562-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-plimsoll.noarch                                  10:svn56605-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-plipsum.noarch                                   10:svn30353.4.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-plipsum-doc.noarch                               10:svn30353.4.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-plnfss.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-plnfss-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-plstmary.noarch                                  10:svn31088.0.5c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-plstmary-doc.noarch                              10:svn31088.0.5c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-plweb.noarch                                     10:svn15878.3.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-plweb-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.3.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pm-isomath.noarch                                10:svn60368-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pmboxdraw.noarch                                 10:svn53046-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pmgraph.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pmgraph-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pmhanguljamo.noarch                              10:svn64361-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pmx.x86_64                                       10:svn62533-14.an23                 os      
texlive-pmxchords.noarch                                 10:svn39249-14.an23                 os      
texlive-pnas2009.noarch                                  10:svn16287.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-poemscol.noarch                                  10:svn56082-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-poemscol-doc.noarch                              10:svn56082-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-poetry.noarch                                    10:svn53129-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-poetrytex.noarch                                 10:svn39921-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-poetrytex-doc.noarch                             10:svn39921-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-poiretone.noarch                                 10:svn64856-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-polexpr.noarch                                   10:svn63337-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-polski.noarch                                    10:svn60322-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-polski-doc.noarch                                10:svn60322-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-poltawski.noarch                                 10:svn20075.1.101-3.an23            updates 
texlive-poltawski-doc.noarch                             10:svn20075.1.101-3.an23            updates 
texlive-polyglossia.noarch                               10:svn65144-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-polyglossia-doc.noarch                           10:svn65144-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-polynom.noarch                                   10:svn44832-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-polynom-doc.noarch                               10:svn44832-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-polynomial.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-polynomial-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-polytable.noarch                                 10:svn55837-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-polytable-doc.noarch                             10:svn55837-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-poormanlog.noarch                                10:svn63400-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-postage.noarch                                   10:svn55920-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-postcards.noarch                                 10:svn21641.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-postcards-doc.noarch                             10:svn21641.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-poster-mac.noarch                                10:svn18305.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-poster-mac-doc.noarch                            10:svn18305.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-postnotes.noarch                                 10:svn65007-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-powerdot.noarch                                  10:svn59272-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-powerdot-doc.noarch                              10:svn59272-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-powerdot-fuberlin.noarch                         10:svn52922-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-powerdot-tuliplab.noarch                         10:svn47963-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ppr-prv.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0.13c-3.an23            updates 
texlive-ppr-prv-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.13c-3.an23            updates 
texlive-ppt-slides.noarch                                10:svn65194-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pracjourn.noarch                                 10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pracjourn-doc.noarch                             10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-practicalreports.noarch                          10:svn52312-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-precattl.noarch                                  10:svn63967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-prelim2e.noarch                                  10:svn57000-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-preprint.noarch                                  10:svn30447.2011-3.an23             updates 
texlive-preprint-doc.noarch                              10:svn30447.2011-3.an23             updates 
texlive-prerex.noarch                                    10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-prerex-doc.noarch                                10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-present.noarch                                   10:svn50048-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-present-doc.noarch                               10:svn50048-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pressrelease.noarch                              10:svn35147.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pressrelease-doc.noarch                          10:svn35147.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-prettyref.noarch                                 10:svn15878.3.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-prettyref-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.3.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-prettytok.noarch                                 10:svn63842-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-prftree.noarch                                   10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-prftree-doc.noarch                               10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-principia.noarch                                 10:svn58927-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-printlen.noarch                                  10:svn19847.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-printlen-doc.noarch                              10:svn19847.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-proba.noarch                                     10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-proba-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-probsoln.noarch                                  10:svn44783-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-probsoln-doc.noarch                              10:svn44783-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-prociagssymp.noarch                              10:svn63242-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-prociagssymp-doc.noarch                          10:svn63242-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-prodint.noarch                                   10:svn21893.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-prodint-doc.noarch                               10:svn21893.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-productbox.noarch                                10:svn20886.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-productbox-doc.noarch                            10:svn20886.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-profcollege.noarch                               10:svn65122-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-proflabo.noarch                                  10:svn63147-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-proflycee.noarch                                 10:svn65313-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-program.noarch                                   10:svn44214-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-program-doc.noarch                               10:svn44214-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-progress.noarch                                  10:svn19519.1.10-3.an23             updates 
texlive-progress-doc.noarch                              10:svn19519.1.10-3.an23             updates 
texlive-progressbar.noarch                               10:svn33822.v1.0b_4-3.an23          updates 
texlive-progressbar-doc.noarch                           10:svn33822.v1.0b_4-3.an23          updates 
texlive-projlib.noarch                                   10:svn65023-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-proof-at-the-end.noarch                          10:svn64188-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-proofread.noarch                                 10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-proofread-doc.noarch                             10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-prooftrees.noarch                                10:svn52221-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-prooftrees-doc.noarch                            10:svn52221-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-properties.noarch                                10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-properties-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-proposal.noarch                                  10:svn40538-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-proposal-doc.noarch                              10:svn40538-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-prosper.noarch                                   10:svn33033.1.0h-3.an23             updates 
texlive-prosper-doc.noarch                               10:svn33033.1.0h-3.an23             updates 
texlive-protex.noarch                                    10:svn41633-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-protex-doc.noarch                                10:svn41633-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-protocol.noarch                                  10:svn25562.1.13-3.an23             updates 
texlive-protocol-doc.noarch                              10:svn25562.1.13-3.an23             updates 
texlive-prtec.noarch                                     10:svn51919-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-przechlewski-book.noarch                         10:svn23552.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-przechlewski-book-doc.noarch                     10:svn23552.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ps2eps.x86_64                                    10:svn62856-14.an23                 os      
texlive-ps2pk.x86_64                                     10:svn52851-14.an23                 os      
texlive-psbao.noarch                                     10:svn55013-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-psbao-doc.noarch                                 10:svn55013-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pseudo.noarch                                    10:svn64182-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pseudocode.noarch                                10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pseudocode-doc.noarch                            10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-psfrag.noarch                                    10:svn15878.3.04-3.an23             updates 
texlive-psfrag-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.3.04-3.an23             updates 
texlive-psfrag-italian-doc.noarch                        10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-psfragx.noarch                                   10:svn26243.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-psfragx-doc.noarch                               10:svn26243.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-psgo.noarch                                      10:svn15878.0.17-3.an23             updates 
texlive-psgo-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.17-3.an23             updates 
texlive-psizzl.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0.35-3.an23             updates 
texlive-psizzl-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0.35-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pslatex.noarch                                   10:svn57434-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-psnfss.noarch                                    10:svn54694-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-psnfss-doc.noarch                                10:svn54694-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pspicture.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-pspicture-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-pst-2dplot.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-2dplot-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                                    10:svn17257.1.10-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-3d-doc.noarch                                10:svn17257.1.10-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-3dplot.noarch                                10:svn61615-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-3dplot-doc.noarch                            10:svn61615-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-abspos.noarch                                10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-abspos-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-am.noarch                                    10:svn19591.1.02-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-am-doc.noarch                                10:svn19591.1.02-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-antiprism.noarch                             10:svn46643-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-arrow.noarch                                 10:svn61069-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-asr.noarch                                   10:svn22138.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-asr-doc.noarch                               10:svn22138.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-bar.noarch                                   10:svn64331-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-bar-doc.noarch                               10:svn64331-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-barcode.noarch                               10:svn64182-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-barcode-doc.noarch                           10:svn64182-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-bezier.noarch                                10:svn41981-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-bezier-doc.noarch                            10:svn41981-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-blur.noarch                                  10:svn15878.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-blur-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-bspline.noarch                               10:svn40685-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-bspline-doc.noarch                           10:svn40685-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-calculate.noarch                             10:svn49817-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-calendar.noarch                              10:svn60480-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-calendar-doc.noarch                          10:svn60480-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-cie.noarch                                   10:svn60959-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-cie-doc.noarch                               10:svn60959-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-circ.noarch                                  10:svn60464-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-circ-doc.noarch                              10:svn60464-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                                  10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-coil-doc.noarch                              10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-contourplot.noarch                           10:svn48230-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-cox.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0.98_Beta-3.an23        updates 
texlive-pst-cox-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.98_Beta-3.an23        updates 
texlive-pst-dart.noarch                                  10:svn60476-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-dbicons.noarch                               10:svn17556.0.16-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-dbicons-doc.noarch                           10:svn17556.0.16-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-diffraction.noarch                           10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-diffraction-doc.noarch                       10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-electricfield.noarch                         10:svn29803.0.14-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-electricfield-doc.noarch                     10:svn29803.0.14-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-eps-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-eucl.noarch                                  10:svn56474-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-eucl-doc.noarch                              10:svn56474-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-eucl-translation-bg-doc.noarch               10:svn19296.1.3.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-pst-exa.noarch                                   10:svn45289-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-exa-doc.noarch                               10:svn45289-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-feyn.noarch                                  10:svn48781-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                                  10:svn60671-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-fill-doc.noarch                              10:svn60671-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-fit.noarch                                   10:svn45109-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-fit-doc.noarch                               10:svn45109-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-flags.noarch                                 10:svn65367-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-fr3d.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.10-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-fr3d-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.10-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-fractal.noarch                               10:svn64714-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-fractal-doc.noarch                           10:svn64714-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-fun.noarch                                   10:svn17909.0.04-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-fun-doc.noarch                               10:svn17909.0.04-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-func.noarch                                  10:svn60933-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-func-doc.noarch                              10:svn60933-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-gantt.noarch                                 10:svn35832.0.22a-3.an23            updates 
texlive-pst-gantt-doc.noarch                             10:svn35832.0.22a-3.an23            updates 
texlive-pst-geo.noarch                                   10:svn60387-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-geo-doc.noarch                               10:svn60387-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-geometrictools.noarch                        10:svn61430-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-gr3d.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.34-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-gr3d-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.34-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.06-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-grad-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.06-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-graphicx.noarch                              10:svn21717.0.02-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-graphicx-doc.noarch                          10:svn21717.0.02-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-hsb.noarch                                   10:svn61322-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-hsb-doc.noarch                               10:svn61322-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-infixplot.noarch                             10:svn15878.0.11-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-infixplot-doc.noarch                         10:svn15878.0.11-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-intersect.noarch                             10:svn33210.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-intersect-doc.noarch                         10:svn33210.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-jtree.noarch                                 10:svn20946.2.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-jtree-doc.noarch                             10:svn20946.2.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-knot.noarch                                  10:svn16033.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-knot-doc.noarch                              10:svn16033.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-labo.noarch                                  10:svn39077-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-labo-doc.noarch                              10:svn39077-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-layout.noarch                                10:svn29803.95-3.an23               updates 
texlive-pst-layout-doc.noarch                            10:svn29803.95-3.an23               updates 
texlive-pst-lens.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.02-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-lens-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.02-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-light3d.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.12-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-light3d-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.0.12-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-lsystem.noarch                               10:svn49556-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-magneticfield.noarch                         10:svn63821-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-magneticfield-doc.noarch                     10:svn63821-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-marble.noarch                                10:svn50925-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-math.noarch                                  10:svn64732-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-math-doc.noarch                              10:svn64732-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-mirror.noarch                                10:svn60506-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-mirror-doc.noarch                            10:svn60506-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-moire.noarch                                 10:svn60411-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-node.noarch                                  10:svn61838-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-node-doc.noarch                              10:svn61838-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-ob3d.noarch                                  10:svn54514-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-ob3d-doc.noarch                              10:svn54514-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-ode.noarch                                   10:svn65096-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-ode-doc.noarch                               10:svn65096-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-optexp.noarch                                10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-optexp-doc.noarch                            10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-optic.noarch                                 10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-optic-doc.noarch                             10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-osci.noarch                                  10:svn15878.2.82-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-osci-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.2.82-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-ovl.noarch                                   10:svn54963-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-ovl-doc.noarch                               10:svn54963-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-pad.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0.3b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-pad-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.3b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-pdf.noarch                                   10:svn56622-14.an23                 os      
texlive-pst-pdgr.noarch                                  10:svn45875-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-pdgr-doc.noarch                              10:svn45875-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-perspective.noarch                           10:svn39585-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-perspective-doc.noarch                       10:svn39585-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-platon.noarch                                10:svn16538.0.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-platon-doc.noarch                            10:svn16538.0.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                                  10:svn65346-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-plot-doc.noarch                              10:svn65346-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-poker.noarch                                 10:svn53482-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-poly.noarch                                  10:svn35062.1.63-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-poly-doc.noarch                              10:svn35062.1.63-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-pulley.noarch                                10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-pulley-doc.noarch                            10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-qtree.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-pst-qtree-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-pst-rputover.noarch                              10:svn44724-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-rubans.noarch                                10:svn23464.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-rubans-doc.noarch                            10:svn23464.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-shell.noarch                                 10:svn56070-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-sigsys.noarch                                10:svn21667.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-sigsys-doc.noarch                            10:svn21667.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-slpe.noarch                                  10:svn24391.1.31-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-slpe-doc.noarch                              10:svn24391.1.31-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-solarsystem.noarch                           10:svn45097-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-solarsystem-doc.noarch                       10:svn45097-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-solides3d.noarch                             10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-solides3d-doc.noarch                         10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-soroban.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-soroban-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-spectra.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.91-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-spectra-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.0.91-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-spinner.noarch                               10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-stru.noarch                                  10:svn38613-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-stru-doc.noarch                              10:svn38613-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-support-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-pst-text.noarch                                  10:svn49542-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-text-doc.noarch                              10:svn49542-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-thick.noarch                                 10:svn16369.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-thick-doc.noarch                             10:svn16369.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-tools.noarch                                 10:svn60621-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-tools-doc.noarch                             10:svn60621-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                                  10:svn60421-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-tree-doc.noarch                              10:svn60421-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-turtle.noarch                                10:svn52261-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-tvz.noarch                                   10:svn23451.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-tvz-doc.noarch                               10:svn23451.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-uml.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0.83-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-uml-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.83-3.an23             updates 
texlive-pst-vectorian.noarch                             10:svn60488-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-vectorian-doc.noarch                         10:svn60488-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-vehicle.noarch                               10:svn61438-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-venn.noarch                                  10:svn49316-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pst-vowel.noarch                                 10:svn25228.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst-vowel-doc.noarch                             10:svn25228.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pst2pdf.noarch                                   10:svn56172-14.an23                 os      
texlive-pstool.noarch                                    10:svn46393-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pstool-doc.noarch                                10:svn46393-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pstricks.noarch                                  10:svn65346-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                              10:svn65067-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pstricks-add-doc.noarch                          10:svn65067-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pstricks-doc.noarch                              10:svn65346-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pstricks_calcnotes-doc.noarch                    10:svn34363.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pstring.noarch                                   10:svn42857-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-psutils.x86_64                                   10:svn61719-14.an23                 os      
texlive-ptex.x86_64                                      10:svn62464-14.an23                 os      
texlive-ptex-base.noarch                                 10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ptex-base-doc.noarch                             10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ptex-fontmaps.noarch                             10:svn59711-14.an23                 os      
texlive-ptex-fonts.noarch                                10:svn64330-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ptex-fonts-doc.noarch                            10:svn64330-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ptex-manual.noarch                               10:svn62915-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ptex2pdf.noarch                                  10:svn64072-14.an23                 os      
texlive-ptext.noarch                                     10:svn30171.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ptext-doc.noarch                                 10:svn30171.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ptolemaicastronomy.noarch                        10:svn50810-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ptptex.noarch                                    10:svn19440.0.91-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ptptex-doc.noarch                                10:svn19440.0.91-3.an23             updates 
texlive-punk.noarch                                      10:svn27388.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-punk-doc.noarch                                  10:svn27388.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-punk-latex.noarch                                10:svn27389.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-punk-latex-doc.noarch                            10:svn27389.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-punknova.noarch                                  10:svn24649.1.003-3.an23            updates 
texlive-punknova-doc.noarch                              10:svn24649.1.003-3.an23            updates 
texlive-purifyeps.noarch                                 10:svn29725-14.an23                 os      
texlive-puyotikz.noarch                                  10:svn57254-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pwebmac.noarch                                   10:svn63731-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pxbase.noarch                                    10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pxbase-doc.noarch                                10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pxchfon.noarch                                   10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pxchfon-doc.noarch                               10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pxcjkcat.noarch                                  10:svn63967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pxcjkcat-doc.noarch                              10:svn63967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pxfonts.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-pxfonts-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-pxgreeks.noarch                                  10:svn21838.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pxgreeks-doc.noarch                              10:svn21838.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pxjahyper.noarch                                 10:svn64752-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pxjahyper-doc.noarch                             10:svn64752-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pxjodel.noarch                                   10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pxpgfmark.noarch                                 10:svn30212.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pxpgfmark-doc.noarch                             10:svn30212.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-pxpic.noarch                                     10:svn61294-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pxrubrica.noarch                                 10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pxrubrica-doc.noarch                             10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pxtatescale.noarch                               10:svn63967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pxtxalfa.noarch                                  10:svn60847-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pxtxalfa-doc.noarch                              10:svn60847-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pxufont.noarch                                   10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pygmentex.noarch                                 10:svn64131-14.an23                 os      
texlive-pyluatex.noarch                                  10:svn63491-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-python.noarch                                    10:svn60162-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-python-doc.noarch                                10:svn60162-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pythonhighlight.noarch                           10:svn43191-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pythonimmediate.noarch                           10:svn65349-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-pythontex.noarch                                 10:svn59514-14.an23                 os      
texlive-qcircuit.noarch                                  10:svn48400-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-qcircuit-doc.noarch                              10:svn48400-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-qcm.noarch                                       10:svn63833-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-qcm-doc.noarch                                   10:svn63833-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-qobitree.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-qobitree-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-qpxqtx.noarch                                    10:svn45797-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-qpxqtx-doc.noarch                                10:svn45797-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-qrbill.noarch                                    10:svn64773-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-qrcode.noarch                                    10:svn36065.1.51-3.an23             updates 
texlive-qrcode-doc.noarch                                10:svn36065.1.51-3.an23             updates 
texlive-qsharp.noarch                                    10:svn49722-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-qstest.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-qstest-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-qsymbols.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-qsymbols-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-qtree.noarch                                     10:svn15878.3.1b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-qtree-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.3.1b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-qualitype.noarch                                 10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-quantikz.noarch                                  10:svn54911-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-quantumarticle.noarch                            10:svn65242-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-quattrocento.noarch                              10:svn64372-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-quattrocento-doc.noarch                          10:svn64372-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-quicktype.noarch                                 10:svn42183-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-quiz2socrative.noarch                            10:svn52276-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-quotchap.noarch                                  10:svn56926-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-quotchap-doc.noarch                              10:svn56926-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-quoting.noarch                                   10:svn32818.v0.1c-3.an23            updates 
texlive-quoting-doc.noarch                               10:svn32818.v0.1c-3.an23            updates 
texlive-quotmark.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-quotmark-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-quran.noarch                                     10:svn57601-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-quran-bn.noarch                                  10:svn57602-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-quran-de.noarch                                  10:svn54191-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-quran-doc.noarch                                 10:svn57601-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-quran-ur.noarch                                  10:svn57597-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-qyxf-book.noarch                                 10:svn56319-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-r_und_s.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.3i-3.an23             updates 
texlive-r_und_s-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.3i-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ragged2e.noarch                                  10:svn65008-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-raleway.noarch                                   10:svn42629-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-raleway-doc.noarch                               10:svn42629-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ran_toks.noarch                                  10:svn59515-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ran_toks-doc.noarch                              10:svn59515-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-randbild.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-randbild-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-random.noarch                                    10:svn54723-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-randomlist.noarch                                10:svn45281-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-randomwalk.noarch                                10:svn49513-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-randomwalk-doc.noarch                            10:svn49513-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-randtext.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-randtext-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-rank-2-roots.noarch                              10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rbt-mathnotes.noarch                             10:svn61193-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rccol.noarch                                     10:svn15878.1.2c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-rccol-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.2c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-rcs.noarch                                       10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-rcs-doc.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-rcs-multi.noarch                                 10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rcs-multi-doc.noarch                             10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rcsinfo.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.11-3.an23             updates 
texlive-rcsinfo-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.11-3.an23             updates 
texlive-readablecv.noarch                                10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-readarray.noarch                                 10:svn60540-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-readarray-doc.noarch                             10:svn60540-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-realboxes.noarch                                 10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-realboxes-doc.noarch                             10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-realhats.noarch                                  10:svn63595-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-realscripts.noarch                               10:svn56594-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-realscripts-doc.noarch                           10:svn56594-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-realtranspose.noarch                             10:svn56623-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rec-thy.noarch                                   10:svn63982-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rec-thy-doc.noarch                               10:svn63982-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-recipe.noarch                                    10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-recipe-doc.noarch                                10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-recipebook.noarch                                10:svn37026.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-recipebook-doc.noarch                            10:svn37026.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-recipecard.noarch                                10:svn15878.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-recipecard-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-rectopma.noarch                                  10:svn19980.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-rectopma-doc.noarch                              10:svn19980.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-recycle.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-recycle-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-refcheck.noarch                                  10:svn29128.1.9.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-refcheck-doc.noarch                              10:svn29128.1.9.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-refcount.noarch                                  10:svn53164-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-refenums.noarch                                  10:svn44131-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-refenums-doc.noarch                              10:svn44131-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-reflectgraphics.noarch                           10:svn40612-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-reflectgraphics-doc.noarch                       10:svn40612-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-refman.noarch                                    10:svn15878.2.0e-3.an23             updates 
texlive-refman-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.2.0e-3.an23             updates 
texlive-refstyle.noarch                                  10:svn20318.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-refstyle-doc.noarch                              10:svn20318.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-regcount.noarch                                  10:svn19979.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-regcount-doc.noarch                              10:svn19979.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-regexpatch.noarch                                10:svn58668-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-regexpatch-doc.noarch                            10:svn58668-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-register.noarch                                  10:svn54485-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-register-doc.noarch                              10:svn54485-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-regstats.noarch                                  10:svn25050.1.0h-3.an23             updates 
texlive-regstats-doc.noarch                              10:svn25050.1.0h-3.an23             updates 
texlive-reledmac.noarch                                  10:svn63105-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-reledmac-doc.noarch                              10:svn63105-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-relenc.noarch                                    10:svn22050.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-relenc-doc.noarch                                10:svn22050.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-relsize.noarch                                   10:svn30707.4.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-relsize-doc.noarch                               10:svn30707.4.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-reotex.noarch                                    10:svn34924.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-reotex-doc.noarch                                10:svn34924.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-repeatindex.noarch                               10:svn24305.0.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-repeatindex-doc.noarch                           10:svn24305.0.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-repere.noarch                                    10:svn63836-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-repere-doc.noarch                                10:svn63836-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-repltext.noarch                                  10:svn56433-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-repltext-doc.noarch                              10:svn56433-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rerunfilecheck.noarch                            10:svn63869-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rescansync.noarch                                10:svn63856-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-resphilosophica.noarch                           10:svn50935-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-resphilosophica-doc.noarch                       10:svn50935-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rest-api.noarch                                  10:svn57068-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-resumecls.noarch                                 10:svn54815-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-resumecls-doc.noarch                             10:svn54815-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-resumemac.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-resumemac-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-returntogrid.noarch                              10:svn48485-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-reverxii-doc.noarch                              10:svn63753-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-revquantum.noarch                                10:svn43505-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-revtex.noarch                                    10:svn56591-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-revtex-doc.noarch                                10:svn56591-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-revtex4.noarch                                   10:svn56589-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-revtex4-1.noarch                                 10:svn56590-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-revtex4-doc.noarch                               10:svn56589-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rgltxdoc.noarch                                  10:svn53858-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ribbonproofs.noarch                              10:svn31137.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ribbonproofs-doc.noarch                          10:svn31137.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-rjlparshap.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-rjlparshap-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-rlepsf.noarch                                    10:svn19082.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-rlepsf-doc.noarch                                10:svn19082.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-rmathbr.noarch                                   10:svn57173-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rmathbr-doc.noarch                               10:svn57173-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rmpage.noarch                                    10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rmpage-doc.noarch                                10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-robotarm.noarch                                  10:svn63116-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-roboto.noarch                                    10:svn64350-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-roboto-doc.noarch                                10:svn64350-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-robustcommand.noarch                             10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-robustcommand-doc.noarch                         10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-robustindex.noarch                               10:svn49877-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-robustindex-doc.noarch                           10:svn49877-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-roex.noarch                                      10:svn45818-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rojud.noarch                                     10:svn56895-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-romanbar.noarch                                  10:svn25005.1.0f-3.an23             updates 
texlive-romanbar-doc.noarch                              10:svn25005.1.0f-3.an23             updates 
texlive-romanbarpagenumber.noarch                        10:svn36236.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-romanbarpagenumber-doc.noarch                    10:svn36236.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-romande.noarch                                   10:svn19537.1.008_v7_sc-3.an23      updates 
texlive-romande-doc.noarch                               10:svn19537.1.008_v7_sc-3.an23      updates 
texlive-romanneg.noarch                                  10:svn20087.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-romanneg-doc.noarch                              10:svn20087.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-romannum.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.0b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-romannum-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.0b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-rosario.noarch                                   10:svn51688-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rosario-doc.noarch                               10:svn51688-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rotfloat.noarch                                  10:svn18292.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-rotfloat-doc.noarch                              10:svn18292.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-rotpages.noarch                                  10:svn18740.3.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-rotpages-doc.noarch                              10:svn18740.3.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-roundbox.noarch                                  10:svn29675.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-roundbox-doc.noarch                              10:svn29675.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-roundrect.noarch                                 10:svn39796-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-roundrect-doc.noarch                             10:svn39796-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rrgtrees.noarch                                  10:svn27322.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-rrgtrees-doc.noarch                              10:svn27322.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-rsc.noarch                                       10:svn41923-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rsc-doc.noarch                                   10:svn41923-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rsfs.noarch                                      10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-rsfs-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-rsfso.noarch                                     10:svn60849-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rsfso-doc.noarch                                 10:svn60849-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rterface.noarch                                  10:svn30084.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-rterface-doc.noarch                              10:svn30084.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-rtkinenc.noarch                                  10:svn20003.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-rtkinenc-doc.noarch                              10:svn20003.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-rtklage.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-rtklage-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-rubik.noarch                                     10:svn46791-14.an23                 os      
texlive-ruhyphen.noarch                                  10:svn21081.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ruler.noarch                                     10:svn54251-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rulerbox.noarch                                  10:svn50984-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rulercompass.noarch                              10:svn32392.1-3.an23                updates 
texlive-rulercompass-doc.noarch                          10:svn32392.1-3.an23                updates 
texlive-runcode.noarch                                   10:svn64161-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-russ.noarch                                      10:svn25209-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-russ-doc.noarch                                  10:svn25209-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rutitlepage.noarch                               10:svn62143-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-rviewport.noarch                                 10:svn23739.v1.0-3.an23             updates 
texlive-rviewport-doc.noarch                             10:svn23739.v1.0-3.an23             updates 
texlive-rvwrite.noarch                                   10:svn19614.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-rvwrite-doc.noarch                               10:svn19614.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ryersonsgsthesis.noarch                          10:svn50119-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ryethesis.noarch                                 10:svn33945.1.36-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ryethesis-doc.noarch                             10:svn33945.1.36-3.an23             updates 
texlive-sa-tikz.noarch                                   10:svn32815.0.7a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-sa-tikz-doc.noarch                               10:svn32815.0.7a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-sageep.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sageep-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sanitize-umlaut.noarch                           10:svn63770-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sanitize-umlaut-doc.noarch                       10:svn63770-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sankey.noarch                                    10:svn61874-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sanskrit.noarch                                  10:svn64502-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sanskrit-doc.noarch                              10:svn64502-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sanskrit-t1.noarch                               10:svn55475-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sanskrit-t1-doc.noarch                           10:svn55475-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sansmath.noarch                                  10:svn17997.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sansmath-doc.noarch                              10:svn17997.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sansmathaccent.noarch                            10:svn53628-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sansmathaccent-doc.noarch                        10:svn53628-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sansmathfonts.noarch                             10:svn64661-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sansmathfonts-doc.noarch                         10:svn64661-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sapthesis.noarch                                 10:svn63810-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sapthesis-doc.noarch                             10:svn63810-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sasnrdisplay.noarch                              10:svn63255-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sasnrdisplay-doc.noarch                          10:svn63255-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sauerj.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-sauerj-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-sauter.noarch                                    10:svn13293.2.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sauterfonts.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-sauterfonts-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-saveenv.noarch                                   10:svn65346-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-savefnmark.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-savefnmark-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-savesym.noarch                                   10:svn31565.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-savetrees.noarch                                 10:svn40525-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-savetrees-doc.noarch                             10:svn40525-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scale.noarch                                     10:svn15878.1.1.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-scale-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.1.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-scalebar.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-scalebar-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-scalerel.noarch                                  10:svn42809-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scalerel-doc.noarch                              10:svn42809-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scanpages.noarch                                 10:svn42633-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scanpages-doc.noarch                             10:svn42633-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-schedule.noarch                                  10:svn51805-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-schemabloc.noarch                                10:svn58212-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-schemabloc-doc.noarch                            10:svn58212-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-schemata.noarch                                  10:svn58020-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-schemata-doc.noarch                              10:svn58020-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scheme-basic.noarch                              10:svn54191-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scheme-context.noarch                            10:svn59636-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scheme-full.noarch                               10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scheme-gust.noarch                               10:svn59755-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scheme-medium.noarch                             10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scheme-minimal.noarch                            10:svn54191-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scheme-small.noarch                              10:svn54191-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scheme-tetex.noarch                              10:svn59715-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-schola-otf.noarch                                10:svn64734-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scholax.noarch                                   10:svn61836-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-schooldocs.noarch                                10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-schule.noarch                                    10:svn60210-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-schule-doc.noarch                                10:svn60210-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-schulmathematik.noarch                           10:svn64108-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-schulschriften.noarch                            10:svn59388-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-schulschriften-doc.noarch                        10:svn59388-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-schwalbe-chess.noarch                            10:svn63708-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-schwalbe-chess-doc.noarch                        10:svn63708-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scientific-thesis-cover.noarch                   10:svn47923-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scikgtex.noarch                                  10:svn65256-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sciposter.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.18-3.an23             updates 
texlive-sciposter-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.18-3.an23             updates 
texlive-sclang-prettifier.noarch                         10:svn35087.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sclang-prettifier-doc.noarch                     10:svn35087.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-scontents.noarch                                 10:svn62902-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scrambledenvs.noarch                             10:svn60615-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scratch.noarch                                   10:svn50073-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scratch3.noarch                                  10:svn61921-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scratchx.noarch                                  10:svn44906-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-screenplay.noarch                                10:svn27223.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-screenplay-doc.noarch                            10:svn27223.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-screenplay-pkg.noarch                            10:svn44965-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-screenplay-pkg-doc.noarch                        10:svn44965-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scripture.noarch                                 10:svn64910-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scrjrnl.noarch                                   10:svn27810.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-scrjrnl-doc.noarch                               10:svn27810.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-scrlayer-fancyhdr.noarch                         10:svn63844-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scrlttr2copy.noarch                              10:svn56733-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scrlttr2copy-doc.noarch                          10:svn56733-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-scsnowman.noarch                                 10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sdaps.noarch                                     10:svn65345-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sdrt.noarch                                      10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sdrt-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sduthesis.noarch                                 10:svn41401-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sduthesis-doc.noarch                             10:svn41401-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-se2thesis.noarch                                 10:svn65093-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-secdot.noarch                                    10:svn20208.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-secdot-doc.noarch                                10:svn20208.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-secnum.noarch                                    10:svn61813-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-section.noarch                                   10:svn20180.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-section-doc.noarch                               10:svn20180.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-sectionbox.noarch                                10:svn37749.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-sectionbox-doc.noarch                            10:svn37749.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-sectionbreak.noarch                              10:svn50339-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sectsty.noarch                                   10:svn15878.2.0.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-sectsty-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.2.0.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-seealso.noarch                                   10:svn43595-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-seealso-doc.noarch                               10:svn43595-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-seetexk.x86_64                                   10:svn57972-14.an23                 os      
texlive-selectp.noarch                                   10:svn20185.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-selectp-doc.noarch                               10:svn20185.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-selinput.noarch                                  10:svn53098-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-selnolig.noarch                                  10:svn38721-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-selnolig-doc.noarch                              10:svn38721-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-semantex.noarch                                  10:svn65183-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-semantic.noarch                                  10:svn15878.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-semantic-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-semantic-markup.noarch                           10:svn53607-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-semaphor.noarch                                  10:svn18651.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-semaphor-doc.noarch                              10:svn18651.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-semesterplanner.noarch                           10:svn56841-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-seminar.noarch                                   10:svn59801-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-seminar-doc.noarch                               10:svn59801-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-semioneside.noarch                               10:svn15878.v0.41-3.an23            updates 
texlive-semioneside-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.v0.41-3.an23            updates 
texlive-semproc.noarch                                   10:svn37568.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-semproc-doc.noarch                               10:svn37568.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-semtex.noarch                                    10:svn56530-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sepfootnotes.noarch                              10:svn41732-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sepfootnotes-doc.noarch                          10:svn41732-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sepnum.noarch                                    10:svn20186.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sepnum-doc.noarch                                10:svn20186.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-seqsplit.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-seqsplit-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-serbian-apostrophe.noarch                        10:svn23799.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-serbian-apostrophe-doc.noarch                    10:svn23799.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-serbian-date-lat.noarch                          10:svn23446.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-serbian-date-lat-doc.noarch                      10:svn23446.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-serbian-def-cyr.noarch                           10:svn23734.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-serbian-def-cyr-doc.noarch                       10:svn23734.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-serbian-lig.noarch                               10:svn53127-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-serbian-lig-doc.noarch                           10:svn53127-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sesamanuel.noarch                                10:svn36613.0.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sesamanuel-doc.noarch                            10:svn36613.0.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sesstime.noarch                                  10:svn49750-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-setdeck.noarch                                   10:svn40613-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-setdeck-doc.noarch                               10:svn40613-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-setspace.noarch                                  10:svn65206-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-setspace-doc.noarch                              10:svn65206-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-seu-ml-assign.noarch                             10:svn62933-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-seuthesis.noarch                                 10:svn33042.2.1.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-seuthesis-doc.noarch                             10:svn33042.2.1.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-seuthesix.noarch                                 10:svn40088-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-seuthesix-doc.noarch                             10:svn40088-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sexam.noarch                                     10:svn46628-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sf298.noarch                                     10:svn41653-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sf298-doc.noarch                                 10:svn41653-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sffms.noarch                                     10:svn15878.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sffms-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sfg.noarch                                       10:svn20209.0.91-3.an23             updates 
texlive-sfg-doc.noarch                                   10:svn20209.0.91-3.an23             updates 
texlive-sfmath.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0.8-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sgame.noarch                                     10:svn30959.2.15-3.an23             updates 
texlive-sgame-doc.noarch                                 10:svn30959.2.15-3.an23             updates 
texlive-shade.noarch                                     10:svn22212.1-3.an23                updates 
texlive-shade-doc.noarch                                 10:svn22212.1-3.an23                updates 
texlive-shadethm.noarch                                  10:svn53350-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-shadethm-doc.noarch                              10:svn53350-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-shadow.noarch                                    10:svn20312.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-shadow-doc.noarch                                10:svn20312.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-shadowtext.noarch                                10:svn26522.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-shadowtext-doc.noarch                            10:svn26522.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-shapepar.noarch                                  10:svn30708.2.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-shapepar-doc.noarch                              10:svn30708.2.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-shapes.noarch                                    10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-shapes-doc.noarch                                10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-shdoc.noarch                                     10:svn41991-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-shdoc-doc.noarch                                 10:svn41991-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-shipunov.noarch                                  10:svn52334-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-shipunov-doc.noarch                              10:svn52334-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-shobhika.noarch                                  10:svn50555-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-short-math-guide.noarch                          10:svn46126-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-shortmathj.noarch                                10:svn54407-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-shorttoc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-shorttoc-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-show2e.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-show2e-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-showcharinbox.noarch                             10:svn29803.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-showcharinbox-doc.noarch                         10:svn29803.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-showdim.noarch                                   10:svn28918.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-showdim-doc.noarch                               10:svn28918.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-showexpl.noarch                                  10:svn57414-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-showexpl-doc.noarch                              10:svn57414-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-showhyphenation.noarch                           10:svn63578-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-showkerning.noarch                               10:svn63708-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-showlabels.noarch                                10:svn63940-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-showlabels-doc.noarch                            10:svn63940-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-showtags.noarch                                  10:svn20336.1.05-3.an23             updates 
texlive-showtags-doc.noarch                              10:svn20336.1.05-3.an23             updates 
texlive-shtthesis.noarch                                 10:svn62441-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-shuffle.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-shuffle-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sidecap.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.6f-3.an23             updates 
texlive-sidecap-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.6f-3.an23             updates 
texlive-sidenotes.noarch                                 10:svn54524-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sidenotes-doc.noarch                             10:svn54524-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sidenotesplus.noarch                             10:svn63867-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sides.noarch                                     10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-sides-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-signchart.noarch                                 10:svn39707-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-signchart-doc.noarch                             10:svn39707-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-silence.noarch                                   10:svn27028.1.5b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-silence-doc.noarch                               10:svn27028.1.5b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-sillypage.noarch                                 10:svn64034-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-simple-resume-cv.noarch                          10:svn43057-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-simple-thesis-dissertation.noarch                10:svn43058-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-simplebnf.noarch                                 10:svn64091-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-simplecd.noarch                                  10:svn29260.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-simplecd-doc.noarch                              10:svn29260.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-simplecv.noarch                                  10:svn35537.1.6a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-simplecv-doc.noarch                              10:svn35537.1.6a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-simpleicons.noarch                               10:svn65288-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-simpleinvoice.noarch                             10:svn45673-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-simplekv.noarch                                  10:svn64578-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-simplenodes.noarch                               10:svn62888-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-simpleoptics.noarch                              10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-simpler-wick.noarch                              10:svn39074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-simpler-wick-doc.noarch                          10:svn39074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-simples-matrices.noarch                          10:svn63802-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-simplewick.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.2a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-simplewick-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.1.2a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-simplified-latex-doc.noarch                      10:svn20620.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-simplivre.noarch                                 10:svn64280-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-simurgh.noarch                                   10:svn31719.0.01b-3.an23            updates 
texlive-simurgh-doc.noarch                               10:svn31719.0.01b-3.an23            updates 
texlive-sistyle.noarch                                   10:svn59682-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sistyle-doc.noarch                               10:svn59682-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sitem.noarch                                     10:svn22136.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sitem-doc.noarch                                 10:svn22136.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-siunits.noarch                                   10:svn59702-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-siunits-doc.noarch                               10:svn59702-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-siunitx.noarch                                   10:svn65207-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-siunitx-doc.noarch                               10:svn65207-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-skak.noarch                                      10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-skak-doc.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-skaknew.noarch                                   10:svn20031.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-skaknew-doc.noarch                               10:svn20031.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-skb.noarch                                       10:svn22781.0.52-3.an23             updates 
texlive-skb-doc.noarch                                   10:svn22781.0.52-3.an23             updates 
texlive-skdoc.noarch                                     10:svn56950-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-skdoc-doc.noarch                                 10:svn56950-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-skeldoc.noarch                                   10:svn57922-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-skeycommand.noarch                               10:svn24652.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-skeycommand-doc.noarch                           10:svn24652.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-skeyval.noarch                                   10:svn30560.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-skeyval-doc.noarch                               10:svn30560.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-skills.noarch                                    10:svn56734-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-skmath.noarch                                    10:svn52411-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-skmath-doc.noarch                                10:svn52411-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-skrapport.noarch                                 10:svn52412-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-skrapport-doc.noarch                             10:svn52412-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-skull.noarch                                     10:svn51907-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-slantsc.noarch                                   10:svn25007.2.11-3.an23             updates 
texlive-slantsc-doc.noarch                               10:svn25007.2.11-3.an23             updates 
texlive-slideshow.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-slideshow-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-smalltableof.noarch                              10:svn20333.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-smalltableof-doc.noarch                          10:svn20333.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-smart-eqn.noarch                                 10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-smartdiagram.noarch                              10:svn42781-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-smartdiagram-doc.noarch                          10:svn42781-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-smartref.noarch                                  10:svn20311.1.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-smartref-doc.noarch                              10:svn20311.1.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-smartunits.noarch                                10:svn39592-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-smartunits-doc.noarch                            10:svn39592-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-smflatex.noarch                                  10:svn58910-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-snapshot.noarch                                  10:svn56735-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-snapshot-doc.noarch                              10:svn56735-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-snaptodo.noarch                                  10:svn61155-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-snotez.noarch                                    10:svn61992-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-snotez-doc.noarch                                10:svn61992-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-songbook.noarch                                  10:svn18136.4.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-songbook-doc.noarch                              10:svn18136.4.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-songproj.noarch                                  10:svn64966-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-songs.noarch                                     10:svn51494-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-songs-doc.noarch                                 10:svn51494-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sort-by-letters.noarch                           10:svn27128.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-sort-by-letters-doc.noarch                       10:svn27128.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-soton.noarch                                     10:svn16215.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-soton-doc.noarch                                 10:svn16215.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-soul.noarch                                      10:svn56495-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-soul-doc.noarch                                  10:svn56495-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-soulpos.noarch                                   10:svn60772-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-soulutf8.noarch                                  10:svn53163-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-soup.noarch                                      10:svn50815-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sourcecodepro.noarch                             10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sourcecodepro-doc.noarch                         10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sourcesanspro.noarch                             10:svn54892-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sourcesanspro-doc.noarch                         10:svn54892-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sourceserifpro.noarch                            10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sourceserifpro-doc.noarch                        10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-spacekern.noarch                                 10:svn63552-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-spacingtricks.noarch                             10:svn60559-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-spalign.noarch                                   10:svn42225-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-spark-otf.noarch                                 10:svn62481-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sparklines.noarch                                10:svn42821-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sparklines-doc.noarch                            10:svn42821-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-spath3.noarch                                    10:svn64818-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-spath3-doc.noarch                                10:svn64818-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-spbmark.noarch                                   10:svn64706-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-spectral.noarch                                  10:svn64528-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-spectralsequences.noarch                         10:svn62261-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-spelling.noarch                                  10:svn30715.0.41-3.an23             updates 
texlive-spelling-doc.noarch                              10:svn30715.0.41-3.an23             updates 
texlive-sphack.noarch                                    10:svn20842.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-sphack-doc.noarch                                10:svn20842.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-sphdthesis.noarch                                10:svn34374.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sphdthesis-doc.noarch                            10:svn34374.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-spie.noarch                                      10:svn15878.3.25-3.an23             updates 
texlive-spie-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.3.25-3.an23             updates 
texlive-spix.x86_64                                      10:svn55933-14.an23                 os      
texlive-splines.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-splines-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-splitbib.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.17-3.an23             updates 
texlive-splitbib-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.17-3.an23             updates 
texlive-splitindex.noarch                                10:svn39766-14.an23                 os      
texlive-spot.noarch                                      10:svn22408.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-spot-doc.noarch                                  10:svn22408.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-spotcolor.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-spotcolor-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-spreadtab.noarch                                 10:svn50147-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-spreadtab-doc.noarch                             10:svn50147-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-spverbatim.noarch                                10:svn15878.v1.0-3.an23             updates 
texlive-spverbatim-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.v1.0-3.an23             updates 
texlive-sr-vorl.noarch                                   10:svn59333-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sr-vorl-doc.noarch                               10:svn59333-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-srbook-mem.noarch                                10:svn45818-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-srbook-mem-doc.noarch                            10:svn45818-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-srbtiks.noarch                                   10:svn63308-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-srcltx.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-srcltx-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-srcredact.noarch                                 10:svn38710-14.an23                 os      
texlive-srdp-mathematik.noarch                           10:svn65293-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sseq.noarch                                      10:svn31585.2.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-sseq-doc.noarch                                  10:svn31585.2.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-sslides.noarch                                   10:svn32293.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-sslides-doc.noarch                               10:svn32293.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-stack.noarch                                     10:svn15878.1.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-stackengine.noarch                               10:svn60019-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-stackengine-doc.noarch                           10:svn60019-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-stage.noarch                                     10:svn62929-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-stage-doc.noarch                                 10:svn62929-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-standalone.noarch                                10:svn64677-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-standalone-doc.noarch                            10:svn64677-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-stanli.noarch                                    10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-starfont.noarch                                  10:svn19982.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-starfont-doc.noarch                              10:svn19982.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-startex.noarch                                   10:svn35718.1.04-3.an23             updates 
texlive-startex-doc.noarch                               10:svn35718.1.04-3.an23             updates 
texlive-statex.noarch                                    10:svn20306.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-statex-doc.noarch                                10:svn20306.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-statex2.noarch                                   10:svn23961.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-statex2-doc.noarch                               10:svn23961.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-statistics.noarch                                10:svn52212-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-statistik.noarch                                 10:svn20334.0.03-3.an23             updates 
texlive-statistik-doc.noarch                             10:svn20334.0.03-3.an23             updates 
texlive-statmath.noarch                                  10:svn46925-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-staves.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-staves-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-stdclsdv.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-stdclsdv-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.1a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-stdpage.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-stdpage-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-stealcaps.noarch                                 10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-steinmetz.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-steinmetz-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-stellenbosch.noarch                              10:svn36696.11a-3.an23              updates 
texlive-stellenbosch-doc.noarch                          10:svn36696.11a-3.an23              updates 
texlive-step.noarch                                      10:svn57307-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-stepgreek.noarch                                 10:svn57074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-stex.noarch                                      10:svn64383-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-stex-doc.noarch                                  10:svn64383-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-stickstoo.noarch                                 10:svn60793-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-stix.noarch                                      10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-stix-doc.noarch                                  10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-stix2-otf.noarch                                 10:svn58735-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-stix2-type1.noarch                               10:svn57448-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-stmaryrd.noarch                                  10:svn22027.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-stmaryrd-doc.noarch                              10:svn22027.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-storebox.noarch                                  10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-storebox-doc.noarch                              10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-storecmd.noarch                                  10:svn24431.0.0.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-storecmd-doc.noarch                              10:svn24431.0.0.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-strands.noarch                                   10:svn59906-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-stricttex.noarch                                 10:svn56320-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-stringenc.noarch                                 10:svn52982-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-stringstrings.noarch                             10:svn57097-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-stringstrings-doc.noarch                         10:svn57097-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-structmech.noarch                                10:svn58985-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-struktex.noarch                                  10:svn47931-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-struktex-doc.noarch                              10:svn47931-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sttools.noarch                                   10:svn60736-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sttools-doc.noarch                               10:svn60736-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-stubs.noarch                                     10:svn19440.0.1.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-stubs-doc.noarch                                 10:svn19440.0.1.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-studenthandouts.noarch                           10:svn43516-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sty2dtx.noarch                                   10:svn64797-14.an23                 os      
texlive-styledcmd.noarch                                 10:svn65262-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-suanpan.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-suanpan-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-subdepth.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-subdepth-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-subdocs.noarch                                   10:svn51480-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-subeqn.noarch                                    10:svn15878.2.0b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-subeqn-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.2.0b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-subeqnarray.noarch                               10:svn15878.2.1c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-subeqnarray-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.2.1c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-subfig.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-subfig-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-subfigmat.noarch                                 10:svn20308.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-subfigmat-doc.noarch                             10:svn20308.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-subfigure.noarch                                 10:svn15878.2.1.5-3.an23            updates 
texlive-subfigure-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.2.1.5-3.an23            updates 
texlive-subfiles.noarch                                  10:svn56977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-subfiles-doc.noarch                              10:svn56977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-subfloat.noarch                                  10:svn29349.2.14-3.an23             updates 
texlive-subfloat-doc.noarch                              10:svn29349.2.14-3.an23             updates 
texlive-substances.noarch                                10:svn40989-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-substances-doc.noarch                            10:svn40989-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-substitutefont.noarch                            10:svn32066.0.1.4-3.an23            updates 
texlive-substitutefont-doc.noarch                        10:svn32066.0.1.4-3.an23            updates 
texlive-substr.noarch                                    10:svn16117.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-substr-doc.noarch                                10:svn16117.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-subsupscripts.noarch                             10:svn16080.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-subsupscripts-doc.noarch                         10:svn16080.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-subtext.noarch                                   10:svn51273-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sudoku.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sudoku-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-sudokubundle.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-sudokubundle-doc.noarch                          10:svn15878.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-suftesi.noarch                                   10:svn60991-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-suftesi-doc.noarch                               10:svn60991-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sugconf.noarch                                   10:svn58752-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sugconf-doc.noarch                               10:svn58752-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-superiors.noarch                                 10:svn51909-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-superiors-doc.noarch                             10:svn51909-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-supertabular.noarch                              10:svn53658-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-supertabular-doc.noarch                          10:svn53658-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-suppose.noarch                                   10:svn59281-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-susy.noarch                                      10:svn19440.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-susy-doc.noarch                                  10:svn19440.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-svg.noarch                                       10:svn57010-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-svg-doc.noarch                                   10:svn57010-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-svg-inkscape-doc.noarch                          10:svn32199.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-svgcolor.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-svgcolor-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-svn.noarch                                       10:svn15878.43-3.an23               updates 
texlive-svn-doc.noarch                                   10:svn15878.43-3.an23               updates 
texlive-svn-multi.noarch                                 10:svn56291-14.an23                 os      
texlive-svn-prov.noarch                                  10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-svn-prov-doc.noarch                              10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-svninfo.noarch                                   10:svn62157-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-svninfo-doc.noarch                               10:svn62157-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-svrsymbols.noarch                                10:svn50019-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-svrsymbols-doc.noarch                            10:svn50019-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-swebib.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-swebib-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-swfigure.noarch                                  10:svn63255-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-swimgraf.noarch                                  10:svn25446.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-swimgraf-doc.noarch                              10:svn25446.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-swrule.noarch                                    10:svn54267-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-swungdash.noarch                                 10:svn64204-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-syllogism.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-syllogism-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-symbats3.noarch                                  10:svn63833-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-symbol.noarch                                    10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sympytexpackage.noarch                           10:svn57090-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-sympytexpackage-doc.noarch                       10:svn57090-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-synctex.x86_64                                   10:svn54074-14.an23                 os      
texlive-synproof.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-synproof-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-syntax.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-syntax-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-syntaxdi.noarch                                  10:svn56685-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-syntrace.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-syntrace-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-synttree.noarch                                  10:svn16252.1.4.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-synttree-doc.noarch                              10:svn16252.1.4.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-systeme.noarch                                   10:svn55015-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-systeme-doc.noarch                               10:svn55015-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-t-angles.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-t-angles-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-t2.noarch                                        10:svn47870-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-t2-doc.noarch                                    10:svn47870-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tabbing.noarch                                   10:svn59715-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tabbing-doc.noarch                               10:svn59715-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tabfigures.noarch                                10:svn25202.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tabfigures-doc.noarch                            10:svn25202.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-table-fct.noarch                                 10:svn41849-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tableaux.noarch                                  10:svn42413-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tableaux-doc.noarch                              10:svn42413-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tablefootnote.noarch                             10:svn32804.1.1c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tablefootnote-doc.noarch                         10:svn32804.1.1c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tableof.noarch                                   10:svn59837-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tableof-doc.noarch                               10:svn59837-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tablestyles.noarch                               10:svn34495.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-tablestyles-doc.noarch                           10:svn34495.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-tablists.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.0e-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tablists-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.0e-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tablor.noarch                                    10:svn31855.4.07_g-3.an23           updates 
texlive-tablor-doc.noarch                                10:svn31855.4.07_g-3.an23           updates 
texlive-tabls.noarch                                     10:svn17255.3.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tabls-doc.noarch                                 10:svn17255.3.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tablvar.noarch                                   10:svn51543-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tabriz-thesis.noarch                             10:svn51729-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tabriz-thesis-doc.noarch                         10:svn51729-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tabstackengine.noarch                            10:svn46848-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tabstackengine-doc.noarch                        10:svn46848-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tabto-generic.noarch                             10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-tabto-ltx.noarch                                 10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tabto-ltx-doc.noarch                             10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tabu.noarch                                      10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tabu-doc.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tabularborder.noarch                             10:svn17885.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tabularborder-doc.noarch                         10:svn17885.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tabularcalc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tabularcalc-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tabularew.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tabularew-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tabularray.noarch                                10:svn64891-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tabulary.noarch                                  10:svn34368.0.10-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tabulary-doc.noarch                              10:svn34368.0.10-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tabvar.noarch                                    10:svn63921-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tabvar-doc.noarch                                10:svn63921-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tagging.noarch                                   10:svn52064-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tagging-doc.noarch                               10:svn52064-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tagpair.noarch                                   10:svn42138-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tagpair-doc.noarch                               10:svn42138-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tagpdf.noarch                                    10:svn65346-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-talk.noarch                                      10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-talk-doc.noarch                                  10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-talos.noarch                                     10:svn61820-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tamefloats.noarch                                10:svn27345.v0.42-3.an23            updates 
texlive-tamefloats-doc.noarch                            10:svn27345.v0.42-3.an23            updates 
texlive-tamethebeast-doc.noarch                          10:svn15878.1.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tap.noarch                                       10:svn31731.0.77-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tap-doc.noarch                                   10:svn31731.0.77-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tapir.noarch                                     10:svn20484.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tapir-doc.noarch                                 10:svn20484.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tasks.noarch                                     10:svn61541-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tasks-doc.noarch                                 10:svn61541-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tcldoc.noarch                                    10:svn22018.2.40-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tcldoc-doc.noarch                                10:svn22018.2.40-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tcolorbox.noarch                                 10:svn63713-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tcolorbox-doc.noarch                             10:svn63713-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tdclock.noarch                                   10:svn33043.v2.5-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tdclock-doc.noarch                               10:svn33043.v2.5-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tds-doc.noarch                                   10:svn64477-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tdsfrmath.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tdsfrmath-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-technics.noarch                                  10:svn29349.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-technics-doc.noarch                              10:svn29349.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-technion-thesis-template.noarch                  10:svn49889-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ted.noarch                                       10:svn15878.1.06-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ted-doc.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.06-3.an23             updates 
texlive-templates-fenn-doc.noarch                        10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-templates-sommer-doc.noarch                      10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-templatetools.noarch                             10:svn34495.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-templatetools-doc.noarch                         10:svn34495.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-tempora.noarch                                   10:svn39596-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tempora-doc.noarch                               10:svn39596-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tengwarscript.noarch                             10:svn34594.1.3.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-tengwarscript-doc.noarch                         10:svn34594.1.3.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-tensind.noarch                                   10:svn51481-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tensor.noarch                                    10:svn15878.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tensor-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-termcal.noarch                                   10:svn22514.1.8-3.an23              updates 
texlive-termcal-de.noarch                                10:svn47111-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-termcal-doc.noarch                               10:svn22514.1.8-3.an23              updates 
texlive-termes-otf.noarch                                10:svn64733-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-termlist.noarch                                  10:svn18923.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-termlist-doc.noarch                              10:svn18923.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-termmenu.noarch                                  10:svn37700.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-termmenu-doc.noarch                              10:svn37700.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-termsim.noarch                                   10:svn61414-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-testhyphens.noarch                               10:svn38928-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-testhyphens-doc.noarch                           10:svn38928-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-testidx.noarch                                   10:svn60966-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tetragonos.noarch                                10:svn49732-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-teubner.noarch                                   10:svn64600-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-teubner-doc.noarch                               10:svn64600-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tex.x86_64                                       10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-tex-ewd.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-tex-ewd-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-tex-font-errors-cheatsheet-doc.noarch            10:svn18314.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tex-gyre.noarch                                  10:svn48058-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tex-gyre-doc.noarch                              10:svn48058-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tex-gyre-math.noarch                             10:svn41264-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tex-gyre-math-doc.noarch                         10:svn41264-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                             10:svn40533-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tex-ini-files-doc.noarch                         10:svn40533-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tex-label.noarch                                 10:svn16372.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-tex-label-doc.noarch                             10:svn16372.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-tex-locale.noarch                                10:svn48500-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tex-nutshell.noarch                              10:svn63336-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tex-overview-doc.noarch                          10:svn41403-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tex-ps.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-tex-ps-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-tex-refs-doc.noarch                              10:svn57349-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tex-virtual-academy-pl-doc.noarch                10:svn34177.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-tex-vpat.noarch                                  10:svn63560-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tex4ebook.noarch                                 10:svn62076-14.an23                 os      
texlive-tex4ht.x86_64                                    10:svn64837-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texaccents.noarch                                10:svn64447-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texapi.noarch                                    10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texapi-doc.noarch                                10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texbytopic-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-texcount.noarch                                  10:svn49013-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texdate.noarch                                   10:svn49362-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texdef.noarch                                    10:svn56466-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texdiff.noarch                                   10:svn29752-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texdimens.noarch                                 10:svn61070-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texdirflatten.noarch                             10:svn55064-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texdoc.noarch                                    10:svn62815-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texdoctk.noarch                                  10:svn62186-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texdraw.noarch                                   10:svn64477-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texdraw-doc.noarch                               10:svn64477-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texfot.noarch                                    10:svn64507-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texilikechaps.noarch                             10:svn28553.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-texilikecover.noarch                             10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-texlive-common-doc.noarch                        10:svn54176-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texlive-cz-doc.noarch                            10:svn62854-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texlive-de-doc.noarch                            10:svn62234-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texlive-en.noarch                                10:svn64221-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texlive-es-doc.noarch                            10:svn54465-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texlive-fr-doc.noarch                            10:svn63071-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texlive-it-doc.noarch                            10:svn58653-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texlive-ja.noarch                                10:svn62817-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texlive-msg-translations.noarch                  10:svn63700-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texlive-pl-doc.noarch                            10:svn62841-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texlive-ru-doc.noarch                            10:svn58426-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                           10:svn64830-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texlive-scripts-extra.noarch                     10:svn62517-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texlive-sr-doc.noarch                            10:svn54594-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texlive-zh-cn-doc.noarch                         10:svn54490-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                             10:svn63645-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texliveonfly.noarch                              10:svn55777-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texloganalyser.noarch                            10:svn54526-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texlogfilter.noarch                              10:svn62792-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texlogos.noarch                                  10:svn19083.1.3.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-texlogsieve.noarch                               10:svn64301-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texmate.noarch                                   10:svn15878.2-3.an23                updates 
texlive-texmate-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.2-3.an23                updates 
texlive-texments.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.2.0-3.an23            updates 
texlive-texments-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.2.0-3.an23            updates 
texlive-texnegar.noarch                                  10:svn57692-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texonly.noarch                                   10:svn50985-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texosquery.noarch                                10:svn53676-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texplate.noarch                                  10:svn61719-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texpower.noarch                                  10:svn29349.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-texpower-doc.noarch                              10:svn29349.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-texproposal-doc.noarch                           10:svn43151-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texshade.noarch                                  10:svn64242-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texshade-doc.noarch                              10:svn64242-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texsis.noarch                                    10:svn45678-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texsurgery.noarch                                10:svn59885-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-textcase.noarch                                  10:svn63868-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-textcase-doc.noarch                              10:svn63868-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-textcsc.noarch                                   10:svn64935-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-textfit.noarch                                   10:svn20591.5-3.an23                updates 
texlive-textfit-doc.noarch                               10:svn20591.5-3.an23                updates 
texlive-textglos.noarch                                  10:svn30788.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-textglos-doc.noarch                              10:svn30788.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-textgreek.noarch                                 10:svn44192-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-textgreek-doc.noarch                             10:svn44192-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-textmerg.noarch                                  10:svn20677.2.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-textmerg-doc.noarch                              10:svn20677.2.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-textopo.noarch                                   10:svn23796.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-textopo-doc.noarch                               10:svn23796.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-textpath.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-textpath-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-textpos.noarch                                   10:svn63967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-textpos-doc.noarch                               10:svn63967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-textualicomma.noarch                             10:svn48474-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texvc.noarch                                     10:svn46844-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texvc-doc.noarch                                 10:svn46844-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-texware.x86_64                                   10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-texworks-doc.noarch                              10:svn54074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tfrupee.noarch                                   10:svn20770.1.02-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tfrupee-doc.noarch                               10:svn20770.1.02-3.an23             updates 
texlive-thaienum.noarch                                  10:svn44140-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-thaispec.noarch                                  10:svn58019-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-thalie.noarch                                    10:svn65249-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-thalie-doc.noarch                                10:svn65249-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-theanodidot.noarch                               10:svn64518-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-theanomodern.noarch                              10:svn64520-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-theanooldstyle.noarch                            10:svn64519-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-theatre.noarch                                   10:svn45363-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-theoremref.noarch                                10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-theoremref-doc.noarch                            10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-thermodynamics.noarch                            10:svn63188-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-thesis-ekf.noarch                                10:svn60228-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-thesis-ekf-doc.noarch                            10:svn60228-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-thesis-gwu.noarch                                10:svn54287-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-thesis-qom.noarch                                10:svn63524-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-thesis-titlepage-fhac.noarch                     10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-thesis-titlepage-fhac-doc.noarch                 10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-thinsp.noarch                                    10:svn39669-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-thinsp-doc.noarch                                10:svn39669-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-thmbox.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-thmbox-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-thmtools.noarch                                  10:svn63477-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-thmtools-doc.noarch                              10:svn63477-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-threadcol.noarch                                 10:svn28754.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-threadcol-doc.noarch                             10:svn28754.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-threeddice.noarch                                10:svn20675.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-threeddice-doc.noarch                            10:svn20675.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-threeparttable.noarch                            10:svn17383.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-threeparttable-doc.noarch                        10:svn17383.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-threeparttablex.noarch                           10:svn34206.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-threeparttablex-doc.noarch                       10:svn34206.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-thuaslogos.noarch                                10:svn51347-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-thubeamer.noarch                                 10:svn61071-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-thucoursework.noarch                             10:svn56435-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-thumb.noarch                                     10:svn16549.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-thumb-doc.noarch                                 10:svn16549.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-thumbpdf.noarch                                  10:svn62518-14.an23                 os      
texlive-thumbs.noarch                                    10:svn33134.1.0q-3.an23             updates 
texlive-thumbs-doc.noarch                                10:svn33134.1.0q-3.an23             updates 
texlive-thumby.noarch                                    10:svn16736.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-thumby-doc.noarch                                10:svn16736.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-thuthesis.noarch                                 10:svn64628-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-thuthesis-doc.noarch                             10:svn64628-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ticket.noarch                                    10:svn42280-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ticket-doc.noarch                                10:svn42280-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ticollege.noarch                                 10:svn36306.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ticollege-doc.noarch                             10:svn36306.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tie.x86_64                                       10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-tikz-3dplot.noarch                               10:svn25087.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-tikz-3dplot-doc.noarch                           10:svn25087.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-tikz-among-us.noarch                             10:svn60880-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-bagua.noarch                                10:svn64103-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-bayesnet.noarch                             10:svn38295.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tikz-bayesnet-doc.noarch                         10:svn38295.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tikz-bbox.noarch                                 10:svn57444-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-cd.noarch                                   10:svn59133-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-cd-doc.noarch                               10:svn59133-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-dependency.noarch                           10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-dependency-doc.noarch                       10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-dimline.noarch                              10:svn35805.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tikz-dimline-doc.noarch                          10:svn35805.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tikz-ext.noarch                                  10:svn64920-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-feynhand.noarch                             10:svn51915-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-feynman.noarch                              10:svn56615-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-feynman-doc.noarch                          10:svn56615-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-imagelabels.noarch                          10:svn51490-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-inet.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tikz-inet-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tikz-kalender.noarch                             10:svn52890-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-karnaugh.noarch                             10:svn62040-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-ladder.noarch                               10:svn62992-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-lake-fig.noarch                             10:svn55288-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-layers.noarch                               10:svn46660-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-mirror-lens.noarch                          10:svn65372-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-nef.noarch                                  10:svn55920-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-network.noarch                              10:svn51884-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-opm.noarch                                  10:svn32769.0.1.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-tikz-opm-doc.noarch                              10:svn32769.0.1.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-tikz-optics.noarch                               10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-page.noarch                                 10:svn42039-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-palattice.noarch                            10:svn43442-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-palattice-doc.noarch                        10:svn43442-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-planets.noarch                              10:svn55002-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-qtree.noarch                                10:svn26108.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tikz-qtree-doc.noarch                            10:svn26108.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tikz-relay.noarch                                10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-sfc.noarch                                  10:svn49424-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-swigs.noarch                                10:svn59889-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-timing.noarch                               10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-timing-doc.noarch                           10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-trackschematic.noarch                       10:svn63480-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikz-truchet.noarch                              10:svn50020-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikzbricks.noarch                                10:svn63952-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikzcodeblocks.noarch                            10:svn54758-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikzducks.noarch                                 10:svn55713-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikzfill.noarch                                  10:svn63947-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikzinclude.noarch                               10:svn28715.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tikzinclude-doc.noarch                           10:svn28715.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tikzlings.noarch                                 10:svn63628-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikzmark.noarch                                  10:svn64819-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikzmark-doc.noarch                              10:svn64819-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikzmarmots.noarch                               10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikzorbital.noarch                               10:svn36439.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-tikzorbital-doc.noarch                           10:svn36439.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-tikzpackets.noarch                               10:svn55827-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikzpagenodes.noarch                             10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikzpagenodes-doc.noarch                         10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikzpeople.noarch                                10:svn43978-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikzpfeile.noarch                                10:svn25777.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tikzpfeile-doc.noarch                            10:svn25777.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tikzpingus.noarch                                10:svn64199-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikzposter.noarch                                10:svn32732.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tikzposter-doc.noarch                            10:svn32732.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tikzscale.noarch                                 10:svn30637.0.2.6-3.an23            updates 
texlive-tikzscale-doc.noarch                             10:svn30637.0.2.6-3.an23            updates 
texlive-tikzsymbols.noarch                               10:svn61300-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikzsymbols-doc.noarch                           10:svn61300-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tikztosvg.x86_64                                 10:svn60289-14.an23                 os      
texlive-tile-graphic.noarch                              10:svn55325-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-timbreicmc.noarch                                10:svn49740-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-times.noarch                                     10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-timetable.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-timing-diagrams.noarch                           10:svn31491.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-timing-diagrams-doc.noarch                       10:svn31491.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-tinos.noarch                                     10:svn64504-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tipa.noarch                                      10:svn29349.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tipa-de-doc.noarch                               10:svn22005.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tipa-doc.noarch                                  10:svn29349.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tipauni.noarch                                   10:svn64774-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tipfr.noarch                                     10:svn38646-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tipfr-doc.noarch                                 10:svn38646-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tiscreen.noarch                                  10:svn62602-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-titlecaps.noarch                                 10:svn63020-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-titlecaps-doc.noarch                             10:svn63020-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-titlefoot.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-titlepages-doc.noarch                            10:svn19457.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-titlepic.noarch                                  10:svn43497-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-titlepic-doc.noarch                              10:svn43497-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-titleref.noarch                                  10:svn18729.3.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-titleref-doc.noarch                              10:svn18729.3.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-titlesec.noarch                                  10:svn59845-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-titlesec-doc.noarch                              10:svn59845-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-titling.noarch                                   10:svn15878.2.1d-3.an23             updates 
texlive-titling-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.2.1d-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tkz-base.noarch                                  10:svn63906-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tkz-base-doc.noarch                              10:svn63906-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tkz-berge.noarch                                 10:svn57485-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tkz-doc.noarch                                   10:svn63902-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tkz-euclide.noarch                               10:svn64491-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tkz-euclide-doc.noarch                           10:svn64491-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tkz-fct.noarch                                   10:svn61949-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tkz-fct-doc.noarch                               10:svn61949-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tkz-graph.noarch                                 10:svn57484-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tkz-orm.noarch                                   10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tkz-orm-doc.noarch                               10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tkz-tab.noarch                                   10:svn54940-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tkz-tab-doc.noarch                               10:svn54940-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tkzexample.noarch                                10:svn63908-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tlc-article.noarch                               10:svn51431-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tlc2-doc.noarch                                  10:svn26096.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-tlmgr-intro-zh-cn.noarch                         10:svn59100-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tlmgrbasics.noarch                               10:svn60588-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-to-be-determined.noarch                          10:svn64882-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tocbibind.noarch                                 10:svn20085.1.5k-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tocbibind-doc.noarch                             10:svn20085.1.5k-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tocdata.noarch                                   10:svn55852-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tocloft.noarch                                   10:svn53364-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tocloft-doc.noarch                               10:svn53364-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tocvsec2.noarch                                  10:svn33146.1.3a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tocvsec2-doc.noarch                              10:svn33146.1.3a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-todo.noarch                                      10:svn17746.2.142-3.an23            updates 
texlive-todo-doc.noarch                                  10:svn17746.2.142-3.an23            updates 
texlive-todonotes.noarch                                 10:svn59465-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-todonotes-doc.noarch                             10:svn59465-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tokcycle.noarch                                  10:svn60320-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tokenizer.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.1.0-3.an23            updates 
texlive-tokenizer-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.1.0-3.an23            updates 
texlive-tonevalue.noarch                                 10:svn60058-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-toolbox.noarch                                   10:svn32260.5.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-toolbox-doc.noarch                               10:svn32260.5.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tools.noarch                                     10:svn64892-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tools-doc.noarch                                 10:svn64892-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-topfloat.noarch                                  10:svn19084.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-topfloat-doc.noarch                              10:svn19084.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-topiclongtable.noarch                            10:svn54758-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-topletter.noarch                                 10:svn48182-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-toptesi.noarch                                   10:svn56276-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-toptesi-doc.noarch                               10:svn56276-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-totalcount.noarch                                10:svn56214-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-totcount.noarch                                  10:svn21178.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-totcount-doc.noarch                              10:svn21178.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-totpages.noarch                                  10:svn15878.2.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-totpages-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.2.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tpic2pdftex.noarch                               10:svn52851-14.an23                 os      
texlive-tpslifonts.noarch                                10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tpslifonts-doc.noarch                            10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tqft.noarch                                      10:svn44455-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tqft-doc.noarch                                  10:svn44455-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tracklang.noarch                                 10:svn65263-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tracklang-doc.noarch                             10:svn65263-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-trajan.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-trajan-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tram.noarch                                      10:svn29803.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tram-doc.noarch                                  10:svn29803.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-translation-array-fr-doc.noarch                  10:svn24344.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-translation-arsclassica-de-doc.noarch            10:svn23803.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-translation-biblatex-de-doc.noarch               10:svn59382-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-translation-chemsym-de-doc.noarch                10:svn23804.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-translation-dcolumn-fr-doc.noarch                10:svn24345.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-translation-ecv-de-doc.noarch                    10:svn24754.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-translation-enumitem-de-doc.noarch               10:svn24196.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-translation-europecv-de-doc.noarch               10:svn23840.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-translation-filecontents-de-doc.noarch           10:svn24010.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-translation-moreverb-de-doc.noarch               10:svn23957.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-translation-natbib-fr-doc.noarch                 10:svn25105.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-translation-tabbing-fr-doc.noarch                10:svn24228.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-translations.noarch                              10:svn61896-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-translations-doc.noarch                          10:svn61896-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-translator.noarch                                10:svn59412-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-transparent.noarch                               10:svn64852-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-transparent-io.noarch                            10:svn64113-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tree-dvips.noarch                                10:svn21751.91-3.an23               updates 
texlive-tree-dvips-doc.noarch                            10:svn21751.91-3.an23               updates 
texlive-treetex.noarch                                   10:svn28176.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-treetex-doc.noarch                               10:svn28176.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-trfsigns.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-trfsigns-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-trigonometry.noarch                              10:svn43006-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-trimspaces.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-trimspaces-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-trivfloat.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.3b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-trivfloat-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.3b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-trsym.noarch                                     10:svn18732.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-trsym-doc.noarch                                 10:svn18732.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-truncate.noarch                                  10:svn18921.3.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-truncate-doc.noarch                              10:svn18921.3.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-truthtable.noarch                                10:svn60717-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tsemlines.noarch                                 10:svn23440.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tsvtemplate.noarch                               10:svn65333-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ttfutils.x86_64                                  10:svn62517-14.an23                 os      
texlive-tucv.noarch                                      10:svn20680.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tucv-doc.noarch                                  10:svn20680.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tuda-ci.noarch                                   10:svn65254-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tudscr.noarch                                    10:svn64085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tudscr-doc.noarch                                10:svn64085-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tufte-latex.noarch                               10:svn37649.3.5.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-tufte-latex-doc.noarch                           10:svn37649.3.5.2-3.an23            updates 
texlive-tugboat.noarch                                   10:svn63386-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tugboat-doc.noarch                               10:svn63386-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tugboat-plain.noarch                             10:svn63386-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tugboat-plain-doc.noarch                         10:svn63386-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-tui.noarch                                       10:svn27253.1.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-tui-doc.noarch                                   10:svn27253.1.9-3.an23              updates 
texlive-turabian.noarch                                  10:svn36298.0.1.0-3.an23            updates 
texlive-turabian-doc.noarch                              10:svn36298.0.1.0-3.an23            updates 
texlive-turabian-formatting.noarch                       10:svn58561-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-turabian-formatting-doc.noarch                   10:svn58561-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-turkmen.noarch                                   10:svn17748.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-turkmen-doc.noarch                               10:svn17748.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-turnstile.noarch                                 10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-turnstile-doc.noarch                             10:svn64967-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-turnthepage.noarch                               10:svn29803.1.3a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-turnthepage-doc.noarch                           10:svn29803.1.3a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-twemoji-colr.noarch                              10:svn64854-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-twemojis.noarch                                  10:svn62930-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-twoinone.noarch                                  10:svn17024.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-twoinone-doc.noarch                              10:svn17024.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-twoup.noarch                                     10:svn15878.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-twoup-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-txfonts.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-txfonts-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-txfontsb.noarch                                  10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-txfontsb-doc.noarch                              10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-txgreeks.noarch                                  10:svn21839.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-txgreeks-doc.noarch                              10:svn21839.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-txuprcal.noarch                                  10:svn43327-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-type1cm.noarch                                   10:svn21820.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-type1cm-doc.noarch                               10:svn21820.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-typed-checklist.noarch                           10:svn63445-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-typed-checklist-doc.noarch                       10:svn63445-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-typeface.noarch                                  10:svn27046.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-typeface-doc.noarch                              10:svn27046.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-typehtml.noarch                                  10:svn17134.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-typehtml-doc.noarch                              10:svn17134.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-typeoutfileinfo.noarch                           10:svn29349-14.an23                 os      
texlive-typewriter.noarch                                10:svn46641-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-typicons.noarch                                  10:svn37623.2.0.7-3.an23            updates 
texlive-typicons-doc.noarch                              10:svn37623.2.0.7-3.an23            updates 
texlive-typoaid.noarch                                   10:svn44238-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-typogrid.noarch                                  10:svn24994.0.21-3.an23             updates 
texlive-typogrid-doc.noarch                              10:svn24994.0.21-3.an23             updates 
texlive-tzplot.noarch                                    10:svn64537-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uaclasses.noarch                                 10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-uaclasses-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-uafthesis.noarch                                 10:svn57349-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uafthesis-doc.noarch                             10:svn57349-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uantwerpendocs.noarch                            10:svn64165-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uantwerpendocs-doc.noarch                        10:svn64165-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uassign.noarch                                   10:svn38459-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uassign-doc.noarch                               10:svn38459-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ucalgmthesis.noarch                              10:svn52527-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ucbthesis.noarch                                 10:svn51690-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ucbthesis-doc.noarch                             10:svn51690-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ucdavisthesis.noarch                             10:svn40772-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ucdavisthesis-doc.noarch                         10:svn40772-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ucharcat.noarch                                  10:svn38907-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ucharcat-doc.noarch                              10:svn38907-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ucharclasses.noarch                              10:svn64782-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ucharclasses-doc.noarch                          10:svn64782-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ucs.noarch                                       10:svn64114-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ucs-doc.noarch                                   10:svn64114-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ucsmonograph.noarch                              10:svn52698-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ucthesis.noarch                                  10:svn15878.3.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ucthesis-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.3.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-udes-genie-these.noarch                          10:svn65039-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-udesoftec.noarch                                 10:svn57866-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-udesoftec-doc.noarch                             10:svn57866-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uebungsblatt.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.5.0-3.an23            updates 
texlive-uebungsblatt-doc.noarch                          10:svn15878.1.5.0-3.an23            updates 
texlive-uestcthesis.noarch                               10:svn36371.1.1.0-3.an23            updates 
texlive-uestcthesis-doc.noarch                           10:svn36371.1.1.0-3.an23            updates 
texlive-ufrgscca.noarch                                  10:svn65284-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uhc.noarch                                       10:svn16791.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-uhc-doc.noarch                                   10:svn16791.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-uhhassignment.noarch                             10:svn44026-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uhrzeit.noarch                                   10:svn39570-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uhrzeit-doc.noarch                               10:svn39570-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uiucredborder.noarch                             10:svn29974.1.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-uiucredborder-doc.noarch                         10:svn29974.1.00-3.an23             updates 
texlive-uiucthesis.noarch                                10:svn15878.2.25-3.an23             updates 
texlive-uiucthesis-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.2.25-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ukbill.noarch                                    10:svn65266-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ukrhyph.noarch                                   10:svn21081.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ukrhyph-doc.noarch                               10:svn21081.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-ulem.noarch                                      10:svn53365-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ulem-doc.noarch                                  10:svn53365-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ulqda.noarch                                     10:svn26313-14.an23                 os      
texlive-ulthese.noarch                                   10:svn60217-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ulthese-doc.noarch                               10:svn60217-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-umbclegislation.noarch                           10:svn41348-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-umbclegislation-doc.noarch                       10:svn41348-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-umich-thesis.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.20-3.an23             updates 
texlive-umich-thesis-doc.noarch                          10:svn15878.1.20-3.an23             updates 
texlive-uml.noarch                                       10:svn17476.0.11-3.an23             updates 
texlive-uml-doc.noarch                                   10:svn17476.0.11-3.an23             updates 
texlive-umlaute.noarch                                   10:svn15878.v2.1-3.an23             updates 
texlive-umlaute-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.v2.1-3.an23             updates 
texlive-umoline.noarch                                   10:svn19085.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-umoline-doc.noarch                               10:svn19085.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-umthesis.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-umthesis-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-umtypewriter.noarch                              10:svn64443-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unam-thesis.noarch                               10:svn51207-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unamth-template-doc.noarch                       10:svn33625.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-unamthesis.noarch                                10:svn43639-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unamthesis-doc.noarch                            10:svn43639-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unbtex.noarch                                    10:svn64634-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-undergradmath-doc.noarch                         10:svn57286-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-underlin.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-underlin-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-underoverlap.noarch                              10:svn29019.0.0.1_r1-3.an23         updates 
texlive-underoverlap-doc.noarch                          10:svn29019.0.0.1_r1-3.an23         updates 
texlive-underscore.noarch                                10:svn18261.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-underscore-doc.noarch                            10:svn18261.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-undolabl.noarch                                  10:svn36681.1.0l-3.an23             updates 
texlive-undolabl-doc.noarch                              10:svn36681.1.0l-3.an23             updates 
texlive-unfonts-core.noarch                              10:svn56291-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unfonts-extra.noarch                             10:svn56291-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uni-titlepage.noarch                             10:svn64306-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uni-wtal-ger.noarch                              10:svn31541.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-uni-wtal-ger-doc.noarch                          10:svn31541.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-uni-wtal-lin.noarch                              10:svn31409.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-uni-wtal-lin-doc.noarch                          10:svn31409.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-unicode-alphabets.noarch                         10:svn54236-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unicode-bidi.noarch                              10:svn42482-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                              10:svn64423-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unicode-data-doc.noarch                          10:svn64423-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unicode-math.noarch                              10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unicode-math-doc.noarch                          10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unicodefonttable.noarch                          10:svn65009-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unifith.noarch                                   10:svn60698-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unigrazpub.noarch                                10:svn64797-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unimath-plain-xetex.noarch                       10:svn65334-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uninormalize.noarch                              10:svn57257-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uniquecounter.noarch                             10:svn53162-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unisc.noarch                                     10:svn63178-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unisugar.noarch                                  10:svn22357.0.92-3.an23             updates 
texlive-unisugar-doc.noarch                              10:svn22357.0.92-3.an23             updates 
texlive-unitconv.noarch                                  10:svn55060-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unitn-bimrep.noarch                              10:svn45581-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-units.noarch                                     10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-units-doc.noarch                                 10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unitsdef.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-unitsdef-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-universa.noarch                                  10:svn51984-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-universa-doc.noarch                              10:svn51984-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-universalis.noarch                               10:svn64505-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-universalis-doc.noarch                           10:svn64505-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-univie-ling.noarch                               10:svn65214-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unizgklasa.noarch                                10:svn51647-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unravel.noarch                                   10:svn59175-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unravel-doc.noarch                               10:svn59175-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-unswcover.noarch                                 10:svn29476.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-unswcover-doc.noarch                             10:svn29476.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-uothesis.noarch                                  10:svn25355.2.5.6-3.an23            updates 
texlive-uothesis-doc.noarch                              10:svn25355.2.5.6-3.an23            updates 
texlive-uowthesis.noarch                                 10:svn19700.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-uowthesis-doc.noarch                             10:svn19700.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-uowthesistitlepage.noarch                        10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uowthesistitlepage-doc.noarch                    10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-upca.noarch                                      10:svn22511.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-upca-doc.noarch                                  10:svn22511.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-uplatex.noarch                                   10:svn65305-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-upmethodology.noarch                             10:svn64613-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-upmethodology-doc.noarch                         10:svn64613-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uppunctlm.noarch                                 10:svn42334-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-upquote.noarch                                   10:svn26059.v1.3-3.an23             updates 
texlive-upquote-doc.noarch                               10:svn26059.v1.3-3.an23             updates 
texlive-uptex.x86_64                                     10:svn62464-14.an23                 os      
texlive-uptex-base.noarch                                10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uptex-base-doc.noarch                            10:svn64072-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uptex-fonts.noarch                               10:svn62592-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uptex-fonts-doc.noarch                           10:svn62592-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-upzhkinsoku.noarch                               10:svn47354-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-urcls.noarch                                     10:svn49903-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-urcls-doc.noarch                                 10:svn49903-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uri.noarch                                       10:svn48602-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uri-doc.noarch                                   10:svn48602-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-url.noarch                                       10:svn32528.3.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-url-doc.noarch                                   10:svn32528.3.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-urlbst.noarch                                    10:svn55777-14.an23                 os      
texlive-urwchancal.noarch                                10:svn21701.1-3.an23                updates 
texlive-urwchancal-doc.noarch                            10:svn21701.1-3.an23                updates 
texlive-usebib.noarch                                    10:svn25969.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-usebib-doc.noarch                                10:svn25969.1.0a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-ushort.noarch                                    10:svn32261.2.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ushort-doc.noarch                                10:svn32261.2.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-uspace.noarch                                    10:svn63123-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uspatent.noarch                                  10:svn27744.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-uspatent-doc.noarch                              10:svn27744.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ut-thesis.noarch                                 10:svn64491-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ut-thesis-doc.noarch                             10:svn64491-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-utexasthesis.noarch                              10:svn48648-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-utf8add.noarch                                   10:svn61074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-utf8mex.noarch                                   10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-utf8mex-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-utfsym.noarch                                    10:svn63076-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-utopia.noarch                                    10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-utopia-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-uwa-colours.noarch                               10:svn60443-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uwa-letterhead.noarch                            10:svn64491-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uwa-pcf.noarch                                   10:svn64491-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uwa-pif.noarch                                   10:svn64491-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-uwthesis.noarch                                  10:svn15878.6.13-3.an23             updates 
texlive-uwthesis-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.6.13-3.an23             updates 
texlive-vak.noarch                                       10:svn23431.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-vak-doc.noarch                                   10:svn23431.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-vancouver.noarch                                 10:svn59192-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-vancouver-doc.noarch                             10:svn59192-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-variablelm.noarch                                10:svn60014-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-variations.noarch                                10:svn15878.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-variations-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-varindex.noarch                                  10:svn32262.2.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-varindex-doc.noarch                              10:svn32262.2.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-varisize.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-varisize-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-varsfromjobname.noarch                           10:svn44154-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-varsfromjobname-doc.noarch                       10:svn44154-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-varwidth.noarch                                  10:svn24104.0.92-3.an23             updates 
texlive-varwidth-doc.noarch                              10:svn24104.0.92-3.an23             updates 
texlive-vaucanson-g.noarch                               10:svn15878.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-vaucanson-g-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-vcell.noarch                                     10:svn59039-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-vdmlisting.noarch                                10:svn56905-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-vdmlisting-doc.noarch                            10:svn56905-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-velthuis.x86_64                                  10:svn55475-14.an23                 os      
texlive-venn.noarch                                      10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-venn-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-venndiagram.noarch                               10:svn47952-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-venndiagram-doc.noarch                           10:svn47952-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-venturisadf.noarch                               10:svn19444.1.005-3.an23            updates 
texlive-venturisadf-doc.noarch                           10:svn19444.1.005-3.an23            updates 
texlive-verbasef.noarch                                  10:svn21922.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-verbasef-doc.noarch                              10:svn21922.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-verbatimbox.noarch                               10:svn33197.3.13-3.an23             updates 
texlive-verbatimbox-doc.noarch                           10:svn33197.3.13-3.an23             updates 
texlive-verbatimcopy.noarch                              10:svn15878.0.06-3.an23             updates 
texlive-verbatimcopy-doc.noarch                          10:svn15878.0.06-3.an23             updates 
texlive-verbdef.noarch                                   10:svn17177.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-verbdef-doc.noarch                               10:svn17177.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-verbments.noarch                                 10:svn23670.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-verbments-doc.noarch                             10:svn23670.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-verifica.noarch                                  10:svn56625-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-verifiche.noarch                                 10:svn64425-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-verse.noarch                                     10:svn34017.2.4b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-verse-doc.noarch                                 10:svn34017.2.4b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-version.noarch                                   10:svn21920.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-version-doc.noarch                               10:svn21920.2.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-versions.noarch                                  10:svn21921.0.55-3.an23             updates 
texlive-versions-doc.noarch                              10:svn21921.0.55-3.an23             updates 
texlive-versonotes.noarch                                10:svn55777-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-versonotes-doc.noarch                            10:svn55777-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-vertbars.noarch                                  10:svn49429-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-vertbars-doc.noarch                              10:svn49429-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-vgrid.noarch                                     10:svn32457.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-vgrid-doc.noarch                                 10:svn32457.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-vhistory.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-vhistory-doc.noarch                              10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-visualfaq-doc.noarch                             10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-visualfaq-fr.noarch                              10:svn61420-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-visualpstricks-doc.noarch                        10:svn39799-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-visualtikz-doc.noarch                            10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-vlna.x86_64                                      10:svn54074-14.an23                 os      
texlive-vmargin.noarch                                   10:svn15878.2.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-vmargin-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.2.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-vntex.noarch                                     10:svn62837-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-vntex-doc.noarch                                 10:svn62837-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-vocaltract.noarch                                10:svn25629.1-3.an23                updates 
texlive-vocaltract-doc.noarch                            10:svn25629.1-3.an23                updates 
texlive-volumes.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-volumes-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-voss-mathcol-doc.noarch                          10:svn32954.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-vpe.noarch                                       10:svn26039-14.an23                 os      
texlive-vruler.noarch                                    10:svn21598.2.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-vruler-doc.noarch                                10:svn21598.2.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-vtable.noarch                                    10:svn51126-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-vwcol.noarch                                     10:svn36254.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-vwcol-doc.noarch                                 10:svn36254.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-wadalab.noarch                                   10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-wadalab-doc.noarch                               10:svn42428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-wallcalendar.noarch                              10:svn45568-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-wallpaper.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.10-3.an23             updates 
texlive-wallpaper-doc.noarch                             10:svn15878.1.10-3.an23             updates 
texlive-wargame.noarch                                   10:svn64797-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-warning.noarch                                   10:svn22028.0.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-warning-doc.noarch                               10:svn22028.0.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-warpcol.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.0c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-warpcol-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.0c-3.an23             updates 
texlive-was.noarch                                       10:svn64691-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-was-doc.noarch                                   10:svn64691-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-wasy.noarch                                      10:svn53533-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-wasy-doc.noarch                                  10:svn53533-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-wasy-type1.noarch                                10:svn53534-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-wasysym.noarch                                   10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-wasysym-doc.noarch                               10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-web.x86_64                                       10:svn62517-14.an23                 os      
texlive-webguide-doc.noarch                              10:svn25813.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-webquiz.noarch                                   10:svn58808-14.an23                 os      
texlive-wheelchart.noarch                                10:svn64373-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-widetable.noarch                                 10:svn53409-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-widetable-doc.noarch                             10:svn53409-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-widows-and-orphans.noarch                        10:svn64212-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-williams.noarch                                  10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-williams-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-willowtreebook.noarch                            10:svn60638-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-windycity.noarch                                 10:svn61223-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-withargs.noarch                                  10:svn52641-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-withargs-doc.noarch                              10:svn52641-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-witharrows.noarch                                10:svn63087-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-wnri.noarch                                      10:svn22459.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-wnri-doc.noarch                                  10:svn22459.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-wnri-latex.noarch                                10:svn22338.1.0b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-wnri-latex-doc.noarch                            10:svn22338.1.0b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-wordcount.noarch                                 10:svn46165-14.an23                 os      
texlive-wordlike.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.2b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-wordlike-doc.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.2b-3.an23             updates 
texlive-worksheet.noarch                                 10:svn48423-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-worldflags.noarch                                10:svn59171-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-wrapfig.noarch                                   10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-wrapfig-doc.noarch                               10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-wrapfig2.noarch                                  10:svn62039-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-wrapstuff.noarch                                 10:svn64058-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-wsemclassic.noarch                               10:svn31532.1.0.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-wsemclassic-doc.noarch                           10:svn31532.1.0.1-3.an23            updates 
texlive-wsuipa.noarch                                    10:svn25469.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-wsuipa-doc.noarch                                10:svn25469.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-wtref.noarch                                     10:svn55558-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xargs.noarch                                     10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xargs-doc.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xassoccnt.noarch                                 10:svn61112-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xassoccnt-doc.noarch                             10:svn61112-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xbmks.noarch                                     10:svn53448-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xcharter.noarch                                  10:svn63057-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xcharter-doc.noarch                              10:svn63057-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xcharter-math.noarch                             10:svn64927-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xcite.noarch                                     10:svn53486-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xcite-doc.noarch                                 10:svn53486-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xcjk2uni.noarch                                  10:svn54958-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xcjk2uni-doc.noarch                              10:svn54958-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xcntperchap.noarch                               10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xcntperchap-doc.noarch                           10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xcolor.noarch                                    10:svn63563-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xcolor-doc.noarch                                10:svn63563-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xcolor-material.noarch                           10:svn42289-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xcolor-solarized.noarch                          10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xcolor-solarized-doc.noarch                      10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xcomment.noarch                                  10:svn20031.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xcomment-doc.noarch                              10:svn20031.1.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xcookybooky.noarch                               10:svn36435.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xcookybooky-doc.noarch                           10:svn36435.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xcpdftips.noarch                                 10:svn50449-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xdoc.noarch                                      10:svn15878.prot2.5-3.an23          updates 
texlive-xdoc-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.prot2.5-3.an23          updates 
texlive-xduthesis.noarch                                 10:svn63116-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xduthesis-doc.noarch                             10:svn63116-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xduts.noarch                                     10:svn65243-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xdvi.x86_64                                      10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-xebaposter.noarch                                10:svn63513-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xebaposter-doc.noarch                            10:svn63513-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xechangebar.noarch                               10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xecjk.noarch                                     10:svn64059-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xecjk-doc.noarch                                 10:svn64059-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xecolor.noarch                                   10:svn29660.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xecolor-doc.noarch                               10:svn29660.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xecyr.noarch                                     10:svn54308-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xecyr-doc.noarch                                 10:svn54308-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xecyrmongolian.noarch                            10:svn53160-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xeindex.noarch                                   10:svn35756.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xeindex-doc.noarch                               10:svn35756.0.3-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xellipsis.noarch                                 10:svn47546-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xellipsis-doc.noarch                             10:svn47546-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xepersian.noarch                                 10:svn64872-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xepersian-doc.noarch                             10:svn64872-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xepersian-hm.noarch                              10:svn56272-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xesearch.noarch                                  10:svn51908-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xesearch-doc.noarch                              10:svn51908-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xespotcolor.noarch                               10:svn58212-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xespotcolor-doc.noarch                           10:svn58212-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xetex.x86_64                                     10:svn62387-14.an23                 os      
texlive-xetex-devanagari.noarch                          10:svn34296.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xetex-devanagari-doc.noarch                      10:svn34296.0.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xetex-itrans.noarch                              10:svn55475-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xetex-itrans-doc.noarch                          10:svn55475-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xetex-pstricks.noarch                            10:svn17055.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-xetex-pstricks-doc.noarch                        10:svn17055.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-xetex-tibetan.noarch                             10:svn28847.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xetex-tibetan-doc.noarch                         10:svn28847.0.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xetexconfig.noarch                               10:svn45845-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xetexfontinfo.noarch                             10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-xetexfontinfo-doc.noarch                         10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-xetexko.noarch                                   10:svn64894-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xetexko-doc.noarch                               10:svn64894-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xetexref-doc.noarch                              10:svn56291-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xevlna.noarch                                    10:svn43864-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xevlna-doc.noarch                                10:svn43864-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xfakebold.noarch                                 10:svn55654-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xfor.noarch                                      10:svn15878.1.05-3.an23             updates 
texlive-xfor-doc.noarch                                  10:svn15878.1.05-3.an23             updates 
texlive-xgreek.noarch                                    10:svn64300-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xgreek-doc.noarch                                10:svn64300-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xhfill.noarch                                    10:svn22575.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-xhfill-doc.noarch                                10:svn22575.1.01-3.an23             updates 
texlive-xifthen.noarch                                   10:svn38929-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xifthen-doc.noarch                               10:svn38929-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xii-doc.noarch                                   10:svn45804-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xii-lat.noarch                                   10:svn45805-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xindex.noarch                                    10:svn64453-14.an23                 os      
texlive-xindy.x86_64                                     10:svn59894-14.an23                 os      
texlive-xindy-persian.noarch                             10:svn59013-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xint.noarch                                      10:svn63562-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xint-doc.noarch                                  10:svn63562-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xintsession.noarch                               10:svn60926-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xistercian.noarch                                10:svn61366-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xits.noarch                                      10:svn55730-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xits-doc.noarch                                  10:svn55730-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xkcdcolors.noarch                                10:svn54512-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                                   10:svn63616-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xkeyval-doc.noarch                               10:svn63616-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xlop.noarch                                      10:svn56910-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xlop-doc.noarch                                  10:svn56910-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xltabular.noarch                                 10:svn56855-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xltxtra.noarch                                   10:svn56594-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xltxtra-doc.noarch                               10:svn56594-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xml2pmx.x86_64                                   10:svn57972-14.an23                 os      
texlive-xmltex.noarch                                    10:svn62145-14.an23                 os      
texlive-xmltexconfig.noarch                              10:svn45845-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xmpincl.noarch                                   10:svn60593-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xmpincl-doc.noarch                               10:svn60593-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xmuthesis.noarch                                 10:svn56614-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xnewcommand.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xnewcommand-doc.noarch                           10:svn15878.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xoptarg.noarch                                   10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xoptarg-doc.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xpatch.noarch                                    10:svn54563-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xpatch-doc.noarch                                10:svn54563-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xpdfopen.x86_64                                  10:svn53998-14.an23                 os      
texlive-xpeek.noarch                                     10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xpeek-doc.noarch                                 10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xpiano.noarch                                    10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xpiano-doc.noarch                                10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xpicture.noarch                                  10:svn28770.1.2a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-xpicture-doc.noarch                              10:svn28770.1.2a-3.an23             updates 
texlive-xpinyin.noarch                                   10:svn63897-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xpinyin-doc.noarch                               10:svn63897-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xprintlen.noarch                                 10:svn35928.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xprintlen-doc.noarch                             10:svn35928.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xpunctuate.noarch                                10:svn26641.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xpunctuate-doc.noarch                            10:svn26641.1.0-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xput.noarch                                      10:svn65325-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xq.noarch                                        10:svn35211.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xq-doc.noarch                                    10:svn35211.0.4-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xsavebox.noarch                                  10:svn64049-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xsavebox-doc.noarch                              10:svn64049-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xsim.noarch                                      10:svn61988-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xskak.noarch                                     10:svn51432-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xskak-doc.noarch                                 10:svn51432-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xstring.noarch                                   10:svn60007-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xstring-doc.noarch                               10:svn60007-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xtab.noarch                                      10:svn23347.2.3f-3.an23             updates 
texlive-xtab-doc.noarch                                  10:svn23347.2.3f-3.an23             updates 
texlive-xtuthesis.noarch                                 10:svn47049-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xunicode.noarch                                  10:svn30466.0.981-3.an23            updates 
texlive-xunicode-doc.noarch                              10:svn30466.0.981-3.an23            updates 
texlive-xurl.noarch                                      10:svn61553-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xwatermark.noarch                                10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xwatermark-doc.noarch                            10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xyling.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xyling-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xymtex.noarch                                    10:svn32182.5.06-3.an23             updates 
texlive-xymtex-doc.noarch                                10:svn32182.5.06-3.an23             updates 
texlive-xypic.noarch                                     10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xypic-doc.noarch                                 10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-xypic-tut-pt-doc.noarch                          10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-xytree.noarch                                    10:svn15878.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-xytree-doc.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.5-3.an23              updates 
texlive-yafoot.noarch                                    10:svn48568-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yafoot-doc.noarch                                10:svn48568-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yagusylo.noarch                                  10:svn29803.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-yagusylo-doc.noarch                              10:svn29803.1.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-yaletter.noarch                                  10:svn42830-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yamlvars.noarch                                  10:svn64949-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yannisgr.noarch                                  10:svn22613.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-yannisgr-doc.noarch                              10:svn22613.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-yathesis.noarch                                  10:svn63576-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yathesis-doc.noarch                              10:svn63576-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yax.noarch                                       10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yax-doc.noarch                                   10:svn54080-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yazd-thesis.noarch                               10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yb-book.noarch                                   10:svn64586-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ycbook.noarch                                    10:svn46201-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ycbook-doc.noarch                                10:svn46201-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ydoc.noarch                                      10:svn64887-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ydoc-doc.noarch                                  10:svn64887-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yet-another-guide-latex2e.noarch                 10:svn63663-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yfonts.noarch                                    10:svn50755-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yfonts-doc.noarch                                10:svn50755-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yfonts-otf.noarch                                10:svn65030-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yfonts-t1.noarch                                 10:svn36013-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yfonts-t1-doc.noarch                             10:svn36013-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yhmath.noarch                                    10:svn54377-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yhmath-doc.noarch                                10:svn54377-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yinit-otf.noarch                                 10:svn40207-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yinit-otf-doc.noarch                             10:svn40207-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-york-thesis.noarch                               10:svn23348.3.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-york-thesis-doc.noarch                           10:svn23348.3.6-3.an23              updates 
texlive-youngtab.noarch                                  10:svn56500-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-youngtab-doc.noarch                              10:svn56500-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-yplan.noarch                                     10:svn34398-14.an23                 os      
texlive-yquant.noarch                                    10:svn65351-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ytableau.noarch                                  10:svn59580-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ytableau-doc.noarch                              10:svn59580-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zapfchan.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zapfding.noarch                                  10:svn61719-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zbmath-review-template.noarch                    10:svn59693-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zebra-goodies.noarch                             10:svn51554-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zed-csp.noarch                                   10:svn17258.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-zed-csp-doc.noarch                               10:svn17258.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-zhlineskip.noarch                                10:svn51142-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zhlipsum.noarch                                  10:svn54994-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zhmetrics.noarch                                 10:svn22207.r206-3.an23             updates 
texlive-zhmetrics-doc.noarch                             10:svn22207.r206-3.an23             updates 
texlive-zhmetrics-uptex.noarch                           10:svn40728-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zhmetrics-uptex-doc.noarch                       10:svn40728-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zhnumber.noarch                                  10:svn63898-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zhnumber-doc.noarch                              10:svn63898-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zhspacing.noarch                                 10:svn41145-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zhspacing-doc.noarch                             10:svn41145-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-ziffer.noarch                                    10:svn32279.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-ziffer-doc.noarch                                10:svn32279.2.1-3.an23              updates 
texlive-zitie.noarch                                     10:svn60676-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zlmtt.noarch                                     10:svn64076-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zlmtt-doc.noarch                                 10:svn64076-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zootaxa-bst.noarch                               10:svn50619-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zref.noarch                                      10:svn62977-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zref-check.noarch                                10:svn63845-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zref-clever.noarch                               10:svn63428-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zref-vario.noarch                                10:svn63874-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zwgetfdate.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-zwgetfdate-doc.noarch                            10:svn15878.0-3.an23                updates 
texlive-zwpagelayout.noarch                              10:svn63074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zwpagelayout-doc.noarch                          10:svn63074-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zx-calculus.noarch                               10:svn60838-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zxjafbfont.noarch                                10:svn28539.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-zxjafbfont-doc.noarch                            10:svn28539.0.2-3.an23              updates 
texlive-zxjafont.noarch                                  10:svn62864-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zxjafont-doc.noarch                              10:svn62864-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zxjatype.noarch                                  10:svn53500-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zxjatype-doc.noarch                              10:svn53500-3.an23                  updates 
texlive-zztex.noarch                                     10:svn55862-3.an23                  updates 
tftp.x86_64                                              5.2-1.an23                          os      
tftp-server.x86_64                                       5.2-1.an23                          os      
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                        0.7.3-3.an23                        os      
thai-scalable-garuda-fonts.noarch                        0.7.3-3.an23                        os      
thai-scalable-kinnari-fonts.noarch                       0.7.3-3.an23                        os      
thai-scalable-laksaman-fonts.noarch                      0.7.3-3.an23                        os      
thai-scalable-loma-fonts.noarch                          0.7.3-3.an23                        os      
thai-scalable-norasi-fonts.noarch                        0.7.3-3.an23                        os      
thai-scalable-purisa-fonts.noarch                        0.7.3-3.an23                        os      
thai-scalable-sawasdee-fonts.noarch                      0.7.3-3.an23                        os      
thai-scalable-tlwgmono-fonts.noarch                      0.7.3-3.an23                        os      
thai-scalable-tlwgtypewriter-fonts.noarch                0.7.3-3.an23                        os      
thai-scalable-tlwgtypist-fonts.noarch                    0.7.3-3.an23                        os      
thai-scalable-tlwgtypo-fonts.noarch                      0.7.3-3.an23                        os      
thai-scalable-umpush-fonts.noarch                        0.7.3-3.an23                        os      
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                         0.7.3-3.an23                        os      
theora-tools.x86_64                                      2:1.1.1-6.an23                      os      
thrift.x86_64                                            0.18.1-1.an23                       os      
thrift-devel.x86_64                                      0.18.1-1.an23                       os      
thrift-glib.x86_64                                       0.18.1-1.an23                       os      
thrift-qt.x86_64                                         0.18.1-1.an23                       os      
tigervnc.x86_64                                          1.13.1-1.an23                       os      
tigervnc-icons.noarch                                    1.13.1-1.an23                       os      
tigervnc-license.noarch                                  1.13.1-1.an23                       os      
tigervnc-selinux.noarch                                  1.13.1-1.an23                       os      
tigervnc-server.x86_64                                   1.13.1-1.an23                       os      
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                           1.13.1-1.an23                       os      
tigervnc-server-module.x86_64                            1.13.1-1.an23                       os      
time.x86_64                                              1.9-1.an23                          os      
timedatex.x86_64                                         0.6-1.an23                          os      
tinycdb.x86_64                                           0.78-1.an23                         os      
tinycdb-devel.x86_64                                     0.78-1.an23                         os      
tix.x86_64                                               1:8.4.3-1.an23                      os      
tix-devel.x86_64                                         1:8.4.3-1.an23                      os      
tix-doc.noarch                                           1:8.4.3-1.an23                      os      
tk.x86_64                                                1:8.6.13-1.an23                     os      
tk-devel.x86_64                                          1:8.6.13-1.an23                     os      
tmux.x86_64                                              3.3a-1.an23                         os      
tokyocabinet.x86_64                                      1.4.48-12.an23                      os      
tokyocabinet-devel.x86_64                                1.4.48-12.an23                      os      
tomcat.noarch                                            1:9.0.80-1.an23                     updates 
tomcat-admin-webapps.noarch                              1:9.0.80-1.an23                     updates 
tomcat-doc.noarch                                        1:9.0.80-1.an23                     updates 
tomcat-docs-webapp.noarch                                1:9.0.80-1.an23                     updates 
tomcat-el-3.0-api.noarch                                 1:9.0.80-1.an23                     updates 
tomcat-jsp-2.3-api.noarch                                1:9.0.80-1.an23                     updates 
tomcat-lib.noarch                                        1:9.0.80-1.an23                     updates 
tomcat-servlet-4.0-api.noarch                            1:9.0.80-1.an23                     updates 
tomcat-webapps.noarch                                    1:9.0.80-1.an23                     updates 
tongsuo.x86_64                                           8.3.3-2.an23                        updates 
tongsuo3.x86_64                                          8.4.0~pre2-3.an23                   updates 
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                                   3.26.6-4.an23                       os      
totem-pl-parser-devel.x86_64                             3.26.6-4.an23                       os      
tox.noarch                                               4.4.7-1.an23                        os      
tox-doc.noarch                                           4.4.7-1.an23                        os      
tpm2-abrmd.x86_64                                        3.0.0-1.an23                        os      
tpm2-abrmd-devel.x86_64                                  3.0.0-1.an23                        os      
tpm2-abrmd-doc.noarch                                    3.0.0-1.an23                        os      
tpm2-abrmd-selinux.noarch                                2.3.1-1.an23                        os      
tpm2-abrmd-selinux-doc.noarch                            2.3.1-1.an23                        os      
tpm2-pkcs11.x86_64                                       1.9.0-1.an23                        os      
tpm2-pkcs11-doc.noarch                                   1.9.0-1.an23                        os      
tpm2-pkcs11-tools.x86_64                                 1.9.0-1.an23                        os      
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                        5.5-1.an23                          os      
tpm2-tss-devel.x86_64                                    4.0.1-3.an23                        os      
tracker.x86_64                                           3.5.3-1.an23                        updates 
tracker-devel.x86_64                                     3.5.3-1.an23                        updates 
tracker-doc.noarch                                       3.5.3-1.an23                        updates 
tracker-miners.x86_64                                    3.5.3-1.an23                        updates 
tracker-miners-doc.noarch                                3.5.3-1.an23                        updates 
transfig.x86_64                                          1:3.2.9-1.an23                      updates 
transfig-doc.noarch                                      1:3.2.9-1.an23                      updates 
tree.x86_64                                              2.1.0-1.an23                        os      
trousers.x86_64                                          0.3.15-3.an23                       os      
trousers-devel.x86_64                                    0.3.15-3.an23                       os      
trousers-lib.x86_64                                      0.3.15-3.an23                       os      
trousers-static.x86_64                                   0.3.15-3.an23                       os      
ttembed.x86_64                                           1.1-1.an23                          os      
ttembed-doc.noarch                                       1.1-1.an23                          os      
ttfautohint.x86_64                                       1.8.4-1.an23                        os      
ttfautohint-devel.x86_64                                 1.8.4-1.an23                        os      
ttfautohint-doc.noarch                                   1.8.4-1.an23                        os      
ttfautohint-gui.x86_64                                   1.8.4-1.an23                        os      
ttfautohint-libs.x86_64                                  1.8.4-1.an23                        os      
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                          1:3.0.9-2.an23                      os      
tuna.noarch                                              0.18-2.an23                         os      
tuned.noarch                                             2.19.0-1.an23                       os      
tuned-gtk.noarch                                         2.19.0-1.an23                       os      
tuned-profiles-atomic.noarch                             2.19.0-1.an23                       os      
tuned-profiles-compat.noarch                             2.19.0-1.an23                       os      
tuned-profiles-cpu-partitioning.noarch                   2.19.0-1.an23                       os      
tuned-profiles-mssql.noarch                              2.19.0-1.an23                       os      
tuned-profiles-oracle.noarch                             2.19.0-1.an23                       os      
tuned-profiles-postgresql.noarch                         2.19.0-1.an23                       os      
tuned-profiles-realtime.noarch                           2.19.0-1.an23                       os      
tuned-utils.noarch                                       2.19.0-1.an23                       os      
tuned-utils-systemtap.noarch                             2.19.0-1.an23                       os      
turbojpeg.x86_64                                         3.0.0-1.an23                        updates 
turbojpeg-devel.x86_64                                   3.0.0-1.an23                        updates 
twolame.x86_64                                           0.4.0-3.an23                        os      
twolame-devel.x86_64                                     0.4.0-3.an23                        os      
twolame-libs.x86_64                                      0.4.0-3.an23                        os      
tzdata-java.noarch                                       2023c-2.an23                        os      
uboot-images-armv8.noarch                                2022.04-2.an23                      os      
uboot-tools.x86_64                                       2022.04-2.an23                      os      
uchardet.x86_64                                          0.0.8-1.an23                        os      
uchardet-devel.x86_64                                    0.0.8-1.an23                        os      
ucs-miscfixed-fonts.noarch                               0.3-2.an23                          os      
ucs-miscfixed-opentype-fonts.noarch                      0.3-2.an23                          os      
ucx.x86_64                                               1.13.1-1.an23                       os      
ucx-devel.x86_64                                         1.13.1-1.an23                       os      
udisks2.x86_64                                           2.9.4-6.an23                        os      
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                     2.9.4-6.an23                        os      
udisks2-lsm.x86_64                                       2.9.4-6.an23                        os      
udisks2-lvm2.x86_64                                      2.9.4-6.an23                        os      
udma.x86_64                                              0.1.1-1.an23                        updates 
udma-devel.x86_64                                        0.1.1-1.an23                        updates 
uid_wrapper.x86_64                                       1.3.0-1.an23                        os      
umockdev.x86_64                                          0.17.16-1.an23                      os      
umockdev-devel.x86_64                                    0.17.16-1.an23                      os      
umockdev-doc.noarch                                      0.17.16-1.an23                      os      
unbound.x86_64                                           1.17.1-1.an23                       os      
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                    1.17.1-1.an23                       os      
unbound-devel.x86_64                                     1.17.1-1.an23                       os      
unbound-libs.x86_64                                      1.17.1-1.an23                       os      
unicode-ucd.noarch                                       15.0.0-1.an23                       os      
unicode-ucd-doc.noarch                                   15.0.0-1.an23                       os      
unicode-ucd-unihan.noarch                                15.0.0-1.an23                       os      
unifdef.x86_64                                           2.12-1.an23                         os      
unifdef-doc.noarch                                       2.12-1.an23                         os      
univocity-parsers.noarch                                 2.9.1-1.an23                        os      
univocity-parsers-javadoc.noarch                         2.9.1-1.an23                        os      
unixODBC.x86_64                                          2.3.11-3.an23                       os      
unixODBC-devel.x86_64                                    2.3.11-3.an23                       os      
upower.x86_64                                            0.99.20-2.an23                      os      
upower-devel.x86_64                                      0.99.20-2.an23                      os      
upower-devel-docs.noarch                                 0.99.20-2.an23                      os      
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                          20200910-1.an23                     os      
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                             20200910-1.an23                     os      
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                         20200910-1.an23                     os      
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                                  20200910-1.an23                     os      
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                           20200910-1.an23                     os      
urw-base35-fonts-devel.noarch                            20200910-1.an23                     os      
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                           20200910-1.an23                     os      
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch                   20200910-1.an23                     os      
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                     20200910-1.an23                     os      
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                      20200910-1.an23                     os      
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                             20200910-1.an23                     os      
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch              20200910-1.an23                     os      
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                             20200910-1.an23                     os      
usbmuxd.x86_64                                           1.1.1-1.an23                        os      
usbmuxd-doc.noarch                                       1.1.1-1.an23                        os      
usbredir.x86_64                                          0.13.0-1.an23                       os      
usbredir-devel.x86_64                                    0.13.0-1.an23                       os      
usbutils.x86_64                                          015-2.an23                          os      
usermode.x86_64                                          1.114-1.an23                        os      
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                     0.14.0-3.an23                       os      
userspace-rcu-devel.x86_64                               0.14.0-3.an23                       os      
utf8proc.x86_64                                          2.7.0-1.an23                        os      
utf8proc-devel.x86_64                                    2.7.0-1.an23                        os      
util-linux-user.x86_64                                   2.38.1-1.an23                       os      
uuid.x86_64                                              1.6.2-1.an23                        os      
uuid-c++.x86_64                                          1.6.2-1.an23                        os      
uuid-c++-devel.x86_64                                    1.6.2-1.an23                        os      
uuid-dce.x86_64                                          1.6.2-1.an23                        os      
uuid-dce-devel.x86_64                                    1.6.2-1.an23                        os      
uuid-devel.x86_64                                        1.6.2-1.an23                        os      
uuid-doc.noarch                                          1.6.2-1.an23                        os      
uuid-perl.x86_64                                         1.6.2-1.an23                        os      
uuidd.x86_64                                             2.38.1-1.an23                       os      
v4l-utils.x86_64                                         1.24.1-2.an23                       os      
v4l-utils-devel-tools.x86_64                             1.24.1-2.an23                       os      
v8-devel.x86_64                                          3:10.2.154.26-1.18.17.1.1.an23      updates 
vala.x86_64                                              0.56.9-1.an23                       updates 
vala-doc.noarch                                          0.56.9-1.an23                       updates 
valadoc.x86_64                                           0.56.9-1.an23                       updates 
valadoc-devel.x86_64                                     0.56.9-1.an23                       updates 
valgrind.x86_64                                          1:3.21.0-1.an23                     os      
valgrind-devel.x86_64                                    1:3.21.0-1.an23                     os      
valgrind-tools-devel.x86_64                              1:3.21.0-1.an23                     os      
vconfig.x86_64                                           1.9-1.an23                          os      
vconfig-doc.noarch                                       1.9-1.an23                          os      
velocity.noarch                                          1.7-1.an23                          os      
velocity-javadoc.noarch                                  1.7-1.an23                          os      
veritysetup.x86_64                                       2.6.1-1.an23                        os      
vim-X11.x86_64                                           2:9.0.2122-1.an23                   updates 
vim-doc.noarch                                           2:9.0.2122-1.an23                   updates 
virglrenderer.x86_64                                     0.10.4-1.an23                       os      
virglrenderer-devel.x86_64                               0.10.4-1.an23                       os      
virglrenderer-test-server.x86_64                         0.10.4-1.an23                       os      
virt-install.noarch                                      4.1.0-1.an23                        os      
virt-manager.noarch                                      4.1.0-1.an23                        os      
virt-manager-common.noarch                               4.1.0-1.an23                        os      
virt-top.x86_64                                          1.1.1-1.an23                        os      
virt-viewer.x86_64                                       11.0-2.an23                         os      
virt-what.x86_64                                         1.25-2.an23                         os      
vmaf.x86_64                                              2.3.1-1.an23                        os      
vmaf-doc.x86_64                                          2.3.1-1.an23                        os      
vmaf-models.x86_64                                       2.3.1-1.an23                        os      
volume_key.x86_64                                        0.3.12-3.an23                       os      
volume_key-devel.x86_64                                  0.3.12-3.an23                       os      
volume_key-libs.x86_64                                   0.3.12-3.an23                       os      
vorbis-tools.x86_64                                      1:1.4.2-3.an23                      updates 
vorbis-tools-doc.noarch                                  1:1.4.2-3.an23                      updates 
vsftpd.x86_64                                            3.0.5-1.an23                        os      
vsftpd-doc.noarch                                        3.0.5-1.an23                        os      
vte-profile.x86_64                                       0.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
vte291.x86_64                                            0.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
vte291-devel.x86_64                                      0.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
vte291-gtk4.x86_64                                       0.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
vte291-gtk4-devel.x86_64                                 0.74.0-1.an23                       updates 
vulkan-headers.noarch                                    1.3.234-2.an23                      os      
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                     1.3.234-2.an23                      os      
vulkan-loader-devel.x86_64                               1.3.234-2.an23                      os      
wavpack.x86_64                                           5.6.0-1.an23                        os      
wavpack-devel.x86_64                                     5.6.0-1.an23                        os      
wayland.x86_64                                           1.21.0-2.an23                       os      
wayland-devel.x86_64                                     1.21.0-2.an23                       os      
wayland-doc.noarch                                       1.21.0-2.an23                       os      
wayland-protocols-devel.noarch                           1.32-1.an23                         updates 
wayland-protocols-doc.noarch                             1.32-1.an23                         updates 
web-assets-devel.noarch                                  23-3.an23                           os      
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                             23-3.an23                           os      
web-assets-httpd.noarch                                  23-3.an23                           os      
web-assets-nginx.noarch                                  23-3.an23                           os      
webkit2gtk3.x86_64                                       2.38.3-1.an23                       os      
webkit2gtk3-devel.x86_64                                 2.38.3-1.an23                       os      
webkit2gtk3-doc.noarch                                   2.38.3-1.an23                       os      
webkit2gtk3-jsc.x86_64                                   2.38.3-1.an23                       os      
webkit2gtk3-jsc-devel.x86_64                             2.38.3-1.an23                       os      
webkit2gtk4.0.x86_64                                     2.42.1-1.an23                       updates 
webkit2gtk4.0-devel.x86_64                               2.42.1-1.an23                       updates 
webkit2gtk4.0-doc.noarch                                 2.42.1-1.an23                       updates 
webkit2gtk4.1.x86_64                                     2.42.1-1.an23                       updates 
webkit2gtk4.1-devel.x86_64                               2.42.1-1.an23                       updates 
webkit2gtk4.1-doc.noarch                                 2.42.1-1.an23                       updates 
webkitgtk6.0.x86_64                                      2.42.1-1.an23                       updates 
webkitgtk6.0-devel.x86_64                                2.42.1-1.an23                       updates 
webkitgtk6.0-doc.noarch                                  2.42.1-1.an23                       updates 
webp-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                                0.0.7-1.an23                        os      
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                           0.3.1-2.an23                        os      
webrtc-audio-processing-devel.x86_64                     0.3.1-2.an23                        os      
wget.x86_64                                              1.21.4-1.an23                       os      
whois.x86_64                                             5.5.15-3.an23                       os      
wireless-regdb.noarch                                    2022.04.08-2.an23                   os      
wireplumber.x86_64                                       0.4.14-2.an23                       os      
wireplumber-devel.x86_64                                 0.4.14-2.an23                       os      
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                                  0.4.14-2.an23                       os      
wireshark.x86_64                                         1:4.0.11-1.an23                     updates 
wireshark-cli.x86_64                                     1:4.0.11-1.an23                     updates 
wireshark-devel.x86_64                                   1:4.0.11-1.an23                     updates 
wireshark-doc.noarch                                     1:4.0.11-1.an23                     updates 
wodim.x86_64                                             1.1.11-1.an23                       os      
woff2.x86_64                                             1.0.2-8.an23                        os      
woff2-devel.x86_64                                       1.0.2-8.an23                        os      
woff2-tools.x86_64                                       1.0.2-8.an23                        os      
words.noarch                                             1:3.0-4.an23                        os      
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                    1:2.10-3.an23                       os      
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                    1.14.0-1.an23                       os      
wpebackend-fdo-devel.x86_64                              1.14.0-1.an23                       os      
wsdl4j.noarch                                            1.6.3-1.an23                        os      
wsdl4j-javadoc.noarch                                    1.6.3-1.an23                        os      
xapian-core.x86_64                                       1.4.20-1.an23                       os      
xapian-core-devel.x86_64                                 1.4.20-1.an23                       os      
xapian-core-doc.noarch                                   1.4.20-1.an23                       os      
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                                  1.4.20-1.an23                       os      
xbean.noarch                                             4.21-1.an23                         os      
xbean-javadoc.noarch                                     4.21-1.an23                         os      
xcb-proto.noarch                                         1.16.0-1.an23                       updates 
xcb-util.x86_64                                          0.4.1-2.an23                        os      
xcb-util-devel.x86_64                                    0.4.1-2.an23                        os      
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                    0.4.1-1.an23                        os      
xcb-util-image-devel.x86_64                              0.4.1-1.an23                        os      
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                                  0.4.1-1.an23                        os      
xcb-util-keysyms-devel.x86_64                            0.4.1-1.an23                        os      
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                               0.3.10-2.an23                       os      
xcb-util-renderutil-devel.x86_64                         0.3.10-2.an23                       os      
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                       0.4.2-1.an23                        os      
xcb-util-wm-devel.x86_64                                 0.4.2-1.an23                        os      
xdelta.x86_64                                            3.1.0-1.an23                        os      
xdelta-doc.noarch                                        3.1.0-1.an23                        os      
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                    0.1.3-4.an23                        os      
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                                1.16.0-1.an23                       os      
xdg-desktop-portal-devel.x86_64                          1.16.0-1.an23                       os      
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                          44.1-1.an23                         os      
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                            1.14.1-1.an23                       os      
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                     0.18-1.an23                         os      
xdg-user-dirs-doc.noarch                                 0.18-1.an23                         os      
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                                 0.11-1.an23                         os      
xdg-user-dirs-gtk-doc.noarch                             0.11-1.an23                         os      
xdg-utils.noarch                                         1.1.3-2.an23                        updates 
xdg-utils-doc.noarch                                     1.1.3-2.an23                        updates 
xerces-c.x86_64                                          3.2.3-1.an23                        os      
xerces-c-devel.x86_64                                    3.2.3-1.an23                        os      
xfce4-about.x86_64                                       4.16.1-1.an23                       os      
xfconf.x86_64                                            4.16.0-1.an23                       os      
xfconf-devel.x86_64                                      4.16.0-1.an23                       os      
xfconf-doc.noarch                                        4.16.0-1.an23                       os      
xfsdump.x86_64                                           3.1.10-3.an23                       os      
xfsprogs.x86_64                                          5.10.0-2.an23                       os      
xfsprogs-devel.x86_64                                    5.10.0-2.an23                       os      
xfsprogs-xfs_scrub.x86_64                                5.10.0-2.an23                       os      
xfwm4.x86_64                                             4.16.1-1.an23                       os      
xfwm4-doc.noarch                                         4.16.1-1.an23                       os      
xhost.x86_64                                             1.0.9-2.an23                        os      
xisxwayland.x86_64                                       2-1.an23                            os      
xkbcomp.x86_64                                           1.4.6-2.an23                        os      
xkbcomp-devel.x86_64                                     1.4.6-2.an23                        os      
xkeyboard-config.noarch                                  2.35.1-2.an23                       os      
xkeyboard-config-devel.noarch                            2.35.1-2.an23                       os      
xml-common.noarch                                        0.6.3-3.an23                        os      
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                          1.54.05-2.an23                      os      
xmlrpc-c-apps.x86_64                                     1.54.05-2.an23                      os      
xmlrpc-c-c++.x86_64                                      1.54.05-2.an23                      os      
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                                   1.54.05-2.an23                      os      
xmlrpc-c-client++.x86_64                                 1.54.05-2.an23                      os      
xmlrpc-c-devel.x86_64                                    1.54.05-2.an23                      os      
xmlsec1.x86_64                                           1.2.37-1.an23                       os      
xmlsec1-devel.x86_64                                     1.2.37-1.an23                       os      
xmlsec1-doc.noarch                                       1.2.37-1.an23                       os      
xmlsec1-gcrypt.x86_64                                    1.2.37-1.an23                       os      
xmlsec1-gcrypt-devel.x86_64                              1.2.37-1.an23                       os      
xmlsec1-gnutls.x86_64                                    1.2.37-1.an23                       os      
xmlsec1-gnutls-devel.x86_64                              1.2.37-1.an23                       os      
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                       1.2.37-1.an23                       os      
xmlsec1-nss-devel.x86_64                                 1.2.37-1.an23                       os      
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                                   1.2.37-1.an23                       os      
xmlsec1-openssl-devel.x86_64                             1.2.37-1.an23                       os      
xmlstarlet.x86_64                                        1.6.1-1.an23                        os      
xmlstarlet-doc.noarch                                    1.6.1-1.an23                        os      
xmlto.x86_64                                             0.0.28-8.an23                       os      
xmltoman.noarch                                          0.4-1.an23                          os      
xmltoman-doc.noarch                                      0.4-1.an23                          os      
xmodmap.x86_64                                           1.0.11-2.an23                       os      
xmvn-connector-ivy.noarch                                4.0.0~20210707.d300ce6-1.an23       os      
xmvn-connector-ivy-javadoc.noarch                        4.0.0~20210707.d300ce6-1.an23       os      
xmvn-core.noarch                                         4.2.0-1.an23                        os      
xmvn-minimal.noarch                                      4.2.0-1.an23                        os      
xmvn-mojo.noarch                                         4.2.0-1.an23                        os      
xmvn-tools.noarch                                        4.2.0-1.an23                        os      
xorg-x11-drivers.x86_64                                  23-1.an23                           os      
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                                  22.0.0-1.an23                       os      
xorg-x11-drv-dummy.x86_64                                0.4.0-1.an23                        os      
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                                2.10.6-3.an23                       os      
xorg-x11-drv-evdev-devel.x86_64                          2.10.6-3.an23                       os      
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                                0.5.0-3.an23                        os      
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                                1:2.99.917-2.an23                   os      
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                             1.4.0-1.an23                        updates 
xorg-x11-drv-libinput-devel.x86_64                       1.4.0-1.an23                        updates 
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                              1:1.0.17-1.an23                     os      
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                           0.6.400-1.an23                      os      
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                                  0.1.6-1.an23                        os      
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                                 2.6.0-1.an23                        os      
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                               13.4.0-1.an23                       os      
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                                1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-devel.x86_64                          1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64                 1.1.0-1.an23                        os      
xorg-x11-font-utils.x86_64                               2:1.4.0-1.an23                      os      
xorg-x11-fonts-100dpi.noarch                             7.5-21.an23                         os      
xorg-x11-fonts-75dpi.noarch                              7.5-21.an23                         os      
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch                   7.5-21.an23                         os      
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-75dpi.noarch                    7.5-21.an23                         os      
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-14-100dpi.noarch                  7.5-21.an23                         os      
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-14-75dpi.noarch                   7.5-21.an23                         os      
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-100dpi.noarch                  7.5-21.an23                         os      
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-75dpi.noarch                   7.5-21.an23                         os      
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-2-100dpi.noarch                   7.5-21.an23                         os      
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-2-75dpi.noarch                    7.5-21.an23                         os      
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-100dpi.noarch                   7.5-21.an23                         os      
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-75dpi.noarch                    7.5-21.an23                         os      
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                              7.5-21.an23                         os      
xorg-x11-fonts-cyrillic.noarch                           7.5-21.an23                         os      
xorg-x11-fonts-ethiopic.noarch                           7.5-21.an23                         os      
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch                               7.5-21.an23                         os      
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                              2022.2-1.an23                       os      
xorg-x11-server-Xdmx.x86_64                              1:1.20.14-12.an23                   updates 
xorg-x11-server-Xephyr.x86_64                            1:1.20.14-12.an23                   updates 
xorg-x11-server-Xnest.x86_64                             1:1.20.14-12.an23                   updates 
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                              1:1.20.14-12.an23                   updates 
xorg-x11-server-Xspice.x86_64                            0.1.6-1.an23                        os      
xorg-x11-server-Xvfb.x86_64                              1:1.20.14-12.an23                   updates 
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                          23.1.0-1.an23                       os      
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland-devel.x86_64                    23.1.0-1.an23                       os      
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                            1:1.20.14-12.an23                   updates 
xorg-x11-server-devel.x86_64                             1:1.20.14-12.an23                   updates 
xorg-x11-server-source.noarch                            1:1.20.14-12.an23                   updates 
xorg-x11-util-macros.noarch                              1.20.0-1.an23                       os      
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                    1:1.1.2-4.an23                      os      
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                    1.4.2-2.an23                        os      
xorg-x11-xinit-session.x86_64                            1.4.2-2.an23                        os      
xorg-x11-xtrans-devel.noarch                             1.4.0-1.an23                        os      
xorg-x11-xtrans-devel-doc.noarch                         1.4.0-1.an23                        os      
xorriso.x86_64                                           1.5.4-1.an23                        os      
xpdf.x86_64                                              1:4.04-2.an23                       os      
xpdf-devel.x86_64                                        1:4.04-2.an23                       os      
xprop.x86_64                                             1.2.6-1.an23                        os      
xrandr.x86_64                                            1.5.2-3.an23                        os      
xrdb.x86_64                                              1.2.1-2.an23                        os      
xrdp.x86_64                                              1:0.9.21.1-1.an23                   os      
xrdp-devel.x86_64                                        1:0.9.21.1-1.an23                   os      
xrdp-selinux.x86_64                                      1:0.9.21.1-1.an23                   os      
xsimd-devel.x86_64                                       10.0.0-1.an23                       os      
xsimd-doc.noarch                                         10.0.0-1.an23                       os      
xterm.x86_64                                             379-1.an23                          os      
xterm-resize.x86_64                                      379-1.an23                          os      
xxhash.x86_64                                            0.8.1-4.an23                        os      
xxhash-devel.x86_64                                      0.8.1-4.an23                        os      
xxhash-doc.noarch                                        0.8.1-4.an23                        os      
xz.x86_64                                                5.4.4-1.an23                        updates 
xz-devel.x86_64                                          5.4.4-1.an23                        updates 
xz-java.noarch                                           1.9-1.an23                          os      
xz-java-javadoc.noarch                                   1.9-1.an23                          os      
xz-lzma-compat.x86_64                                    5.4.4-1.an23                        updates 
xz-static.x86_64                                         5.4.4-1.an23                        updates 
yajl.x86_64                                              2.1.0-2.an23                        updates 
yajl-devel.x86_64                                        2.1.0-2.an23                        updates 
yajl-doc.noarch                                          2.1.0-2.an23                        updates 
yarnpkg.noarch                                           1.22.19-1.an23                      os      
yasm.x86_64                                              1.3.0-9.an23                        updates 
yasm-devel.x86_64                                        1.3.0-9.an23                        updates 
yelp.x86_64                                              2:42.2-3.an23                       os      
yelp-devel.x86_64                                        2:42.2-3.an23                       os      
yelp-libs.x86_64                                         2:42.2-3.an23                       os      
yelp-tools.noarch                                        42.1-1.an23                         os      
yelp-tools-doc.noarch                                    42.1-1.an23                         os      
yelp-xsl.noarch                                          42.1-1.an23                         os      
yelp-xsl-devel.noarch                                    42.1-1.an23                         os      
yum-utils.noarch                                         4.3.1-1.an23                        os      
zchunk.x86_64                                            1.3.2-1.an23                        updates 
zchunk-devel.x86_64                                      1.3.2-1.an23                        updates 
zchunk-doc.noarch                                        1.3.2-1.an23                        updates 
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                       1.3.2-1.an23                        updates 
zd1211-firmware.noarch                                   1.5-1.an23                          os      
zd1211-firmware-doc.noarch                               1.5-1.an23                          os      
zenity.x86_64                                            3.44.1-1.an23                       os      
zeromq.x86_64                                            4.3.4-2.an23                        os      
zeromq-devel.x86_64                                      4.3.4-2.an23                        os      
zita-alsa-pcmi.x86_64                                    0.6.1-1.an23                        os      
zita-alsa-pcmi-devel.x86_64                              0.6.1-1.an23                        os      
zita-alsa-pcmi-doc.noarch                                0.6.1-1.an23                        os      
zita-alsa-pcmi-utils.x86_64                              0.6.1-1.an23                        os      
zita-resampler.x86_64                                    1.8.0-1.an23                        os      
zita-resampler-devel.x86_64                              1.8.0-1.an23                        os      
zita-resampler-doc.noarch                                1.8.0-1.an23                        os      
zlib-devel.x86_64                                        1.2.13-2.an23                       updates 
zlib-doc.noarch                                          1.2.13-2.an23                       updates 
zlib-static.x86_64                                       1.2.13-2.an23                       updates 
zopfli.x86_64                                            1.0.3-1.an23                        os      
zopfli-devel.x86_64                                      1.0.3-1.an23                        os      
zopfli-doc.noarch                                        1.0.3-1.an23                        os      
zram-generator.x86_64                                    1.1.2-2.an23                        os      
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                           1.1.2-2.an23                        os      
zsh.x86_64                                               5.9-1.an23                          os      
zstd.x86_64                                              1.5.5-1.an23                        os      
zziplib.x86_64                                           0.13.72-2.an23                      os      
zziplib-devel.x86_64                                     0.13.72-2.an23                      os      
